John Blair and Company is close to an agreement to sell its T. V. station advertising representation operation and program production unit to an investor group led by James H. Rosenfield a former C. B. S. Incorporated executive industry sources said
The anticipated loss will stem from plans of a subsidiary Eskey Incorporated to sell the assets and business of its Yale E. Key Incorporated unit to a group of that company's managers and a private investor for about fifteen point five million dollars
FAMILY GROUP BROADCASTING L. P. began trading units under the symbol FGBPZ
American officials believe long term stability in the Philippines can only be ensured through more economic and military aid
In your tongue in cheek article on Atlanta as the site of the nineteen eighty eight Democratic National Convention page one February thirteenth you described the Carter Presidential Center noting that it houses the papers of the last Democratic president
Moammar Gadhafi sends him a book
In addition the coalition could advance the tax debate considerably by stressing the revenue increases that could be expected from lower tax rates
Two years ago this week the New England Journal of Medicine reported that a multicenter test of heart attack victims and T. P. A. had been abruptly halted that February by officials at the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute
Such are the government's ingenious schemes for manipulating deficit estimates
He also says critics ignore administrative costs in their rate attacks
The original language in the financing agreement sounded too much like a formal overall reorganization plan the pension agency had said
A combined entity would give New York more visibility in an industry dominated by Chicago they say
Under further questioning he also told of hearsay that Mr. Orloff had received twenty five thousand dollars
Claudine B. Malone faced an unusual dilemma when she learned in mid February that Dart Group Corporation was considering a bid for Supermarkets General Corporation
The once quarterly stock futures and options trading frenzy that is triple witching hour came again on Friday bringing stock and futures price records instead of a curse
Air Atlanta has argued that the company can be profitable with twelve to fifteen planes it currently has seven which are leased
It's being played just the way I would have expected says Timothy R. Barron a Virginia investment official
Patient advocates decried the practice while researchers maintained it was necessary to establish objective proof of the drug's effectiveness
But it is likely that its economy won't expand this year at even the modest two percent rate forecast only a few months ago and that it will actually decline in the current quarter
Things have changed says Robert Schwalb vice president of Bible marketing for Thomas Nelson Publishers Incorporated of Nashville Tennessee
He also believes that the development of democracy in Egypt the most populous Arab nation and a traditional leader in the region will affect the entire Middle East
At a meeting Friday a subcabinet task force reviewed new Commerce Department data and concluded that Japanese manufacturers are continuing to dump their products in third country markets despite a provision in the July thirty first agreement that prohibits such practices
Pearson's Mr. Whitaker says two of Britain's largest entertainment companies also have expressed interest Granada Group P. L. C. which operates one of the major regional broadcasting franchises and Virgin Group P. L. C. a record and music publishing company that co financed Absolute Beginners with Goldcrest
He submitted a financial statement to First Security attesting that he owned three hundred fifty eight thousand six hundred shares of Southern Union Company stock shares that had a market value of nearly ten million dollars
Mr. Jefferies' lawyer Peter H. Morrison declined to comment and said Mr. Jefferies wasn't available
He was somewhat conciliatory yesterday stressing Brazil's willingness to start paying interest again provided there can be an arrangement that would allow Brazil to grow while servicing its debt
And against the bellwether European currency the pound hasn't been able to break three point oh oh West German marks
Mr. Popejoy who couldn't be reached for immediate comment was brought into Financial Corporation in August nineteen eighty four after regulators forced out then chairman Charles Knapp during a run on deposits and effectively assumed a supervisory role over the thrift
It turned out the other young man who remains a friend was already playing in the stock market and got Mr. Baxter interested
Among them he cited a heavy dependence on capital gains resulting from the nineteen eighty six bull market an unusually small number of natural catastrophes during the year and the erratic nature of the recovery
Commodities Dow Jones futures index one hundred thirteen point seven two up zero point two nine spot index one hundred thirteen point three nine off zero point four one
Individual retirement account I. R. A. dollars are helping stoke the continuing stock market rally but they can also dilute returns for some mutual fund shareholders
A dry cookie can be a disaster he says
The Red Sox have a long drive back to their base at Winter Haven and stipulate that they will not hang around for extra innings
Since this transfer tax would not by itself solve the deficit problem I suggest we try to think of other industries that are candidates for extra disciplinary taxes
But when its engineers asked for clarification of the instructions Mr. Tanaka says The U. S. engineers complained we were wasting their time
Suddenly Mr. Higgins answered all at once Yes sir
Others think Mr. Iacocca will be remembered for his personality and his role in popularizing business
New deductability rules may also slow demand for luxury boxes
Any shirts that have personal relationships seem highly desirable to us
Mr. Anderson resigned as president and as a director of Blockbuster reducing its board to five
But heating costs are high and fabric domes can collapse in winter if snow melting machines fail
The carriers complained that coordination of schedules among rivals is inherently anti competitive as the Department of Transportation acknowledged by virtue of Secretary Elizabeth Dole's offer of antitrust immunity to the airlines and only a step removed from re regulation of the airline industry
Following lower level negotiations tonight and tomorrow morning Treasury Secretary James Baker is scheduled to address the bank's annual meeting which begins formally on Monday
Seagram owns a twenty two point five percent stake in the large chemical and energy concern
The town today can claim besides such celebrities as David Stockman and Diana Ross current or recent chief executives of Exxon Corporation Citicorp General Electric Company American Express Company PepsiCo Incorporated G. T. E. Corporation Union Pacific Corporation Combustion Engineering Incorporated and others
I plan to be here for the long haul
Also Lifestyle will pay five hundred seventy five dollars plus accrued interest for each of its thirteen percent convertible subordinated debentures instead of the five hundred fifty dollars plus accrued interest it had initially offered
The purchase price wasn't disclosed
An Ameritrust spokesman said the additional authorized shares may be used for a variety of reasons not connected to defending the company from a takeover including acquisitions
Don a tough talking homicide detective from Akron Ohio squats before a glass case and chooses two coke spoons and a kit for cutting cocaine
We've had a lot of people going without sleep Mr. Laudise says
The amendment he said may be the four year sixty five billion dollar highway bill that the Senate passed earlier this year
L. T. V.'s Chapter eleven filing cited huge interest and pension costs and continuing problems at its beleaguered steel unit the nation's second largest
In nineteen eighty one when Mr. Gleason testified before a Senate subcommittee investigating racketeering on the waterfront he denied accusations that he was influenced by organized crime
Others turn the commute into part of the workday
He stays active as a director of the Professional Golf Association tour a director of Mellon Bank where he notes he keeps his money and chairman of the University of Pittsburgh's board among other things
The Teterboro N. J. company provides fueling maintenance and other services for aircraft
Paul Sticht is
You have to be Mr. Perfect
Pier one Imports Incorporated's largest holder said it intends to again take majority control of the company's voting stock
Speaking at the U. S. Chamber of Commerce yesterday Representative Dingell said he will soon introduce separate bills addressing insider trading problems and the general issue of mergers and acquisitions
He prefers bonds to stocks avoids commodities and likes real estate
Jefferies a company Mr. Jefferies founded twenty five years ago in nineteen eighty six accounted for about three percent of the composite volume of all securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Mr. Neuharth is one who relishes corporate heroism
But the world has changed
Still A. M. C. has retained Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated to review Chrysler's bid
Despite a slight recovery in the computer issues this week the problem could get worse
Possibly fearing another takeover move Panhandle then spun off its most attractive asset Anadarko Petroleum Corporation and the two stocks combined eventually rose well above the fifty dollar figure
Erroneously recalling Mr. McFarlane's testimony Mr. Reagan last night said his former aide had testified that the approval was given during a meeting at Bethesda Naval Hospital following the president's colon cancer surgery in July nineteen eighty five
Backed by one of the world's highest savings rates and a huge current account surplus a broad measure of trade in goods and services Japan is one of the most liquid countries in the world
Salomon Brothers Incorporated was the lead underwriter
The country's foreign debt is now around twenty one billion dollars
Mr. Tisch denies ever lying about his actions or intentions
Trading was more active in the latter part of the afternoon but overall volume was rather light by nineteen eighty seven standards
He said this limited twenty seven point five percent annual depletion allowance which excludes old wells would cost the Treasury two hundred million dollars in net tax revenue each year
He goes straight to the heart
The Army quickly dismissed his plea but that hasn't slowed him down
It's an indication that they're using things other than wheat and coarse grains says Mr. Urbanchuk
Their work as a week spent with Mr. Smith near the end of the Mason operation shows involves danger and ethical dilemmas but it also entails mind numbing hours of inactivity and humiliating rejections by two bit dealers they are trying to befriend in pool halls
I wouldn't show no narcs around
Once again those devastating British puppets caricature our poor defenseless celebrities
The discovery was in two intervals between ten thousand and thirteen thousand feet Amoco Trinidad Oil Company said
And the results
Imagine the shouts that would have risen from the yes men if the Soviet Union or Nicaragua had perpetrated such deeds
It's hard to find any other country whose terms of trade deteriorated so much in such a short time says a Mexican financial official
He had a well trained scout dog which looked like Rin Tin Tin
It is the only way
UNION CARBIDE CORPORATION sold three hundred million dollars of seven and one half percent convertible debentures due two thousand twelve at par said head underwriter First Boston Corporation
If the dam failed some two thousand residents along the Cooper River wouldn't have any time to run for their lives says Ronald Corso the director of hydropower licensing for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
The war in Afghanistan in fact has prompted a number of minority protests from the Baltic states and Transcaucasia to Central Asia
He began acting in a community theater while he was still in high school
As part of Dixons's agreement the British company plans to retain Silo and sell Cyclops's specialty steel and nonresidential construction assets to a unit of Alleghany Corporation a New York based insurance and steel concern for about one hundred eleven point six million dollars and the assumption of certain Cyclops under funded pension plans
A House Banking subcommittee approved legislation limiting credit card interest rates and requiring uniform disclosure of card terms and conditions
But the firms are pushing through much larger increases in rates for junior partners and associates which are not so obvious
The reason analysts say is that investors are focusing too much on yield ignoring whether the underlying business can really support such high payouts
And if he commits himself now to the finance minister he will be committed also to the upshot of the moratorium as well as to a domestic economic policy which remains an unknown
The Ampal proxy fight involved many of the same people mentioned in the S. E. C. insider trading complaint
In that case the trustee is effectively running the union
A two point reduction drew little interest in tests
It had been estimated that Fujitsu was prepared to pay two hundred million dollars for eighty percent of Fairchild Fairchild didn't estimate the value of the management proposal
The number of cars and trucks on U. S. roads last year rose three point two percent to one hundred sixty two million
At current terms investors could obtain as much as seventy five percent or as little as twenty five percent of any increase
The committees last week voted to grant Mr. Hakim immunity but Mr. Walsh has since indicated that he objects to that move
Movement of bellies uncured slabs of bacon into storage continues to be slight compared with the year earlier period
The rate averaged about five and fifteen sixteenths percent after averaging six point oh five percent Tuesday
Despite such turbulence industry officials praised Mr. Engen for his dedication and hard work
That's partly because Donald Trump last year showed that gambling concerns had valuable assets that weren't reflected in their stock prices
He contracted the disease and died
In addition the White House has threatened to veto the highway bill despite Mr. Reagan's support for giving states the authority to raise the speed limit
The Senate voted fifty two to forty eight to release an already appropriated forty million dollars in military aid to the Nicaraguan rebels
Shearson isn't the first U. S. securities firm that has gone looking for a Japanese partner
Vehicle exports by TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION and NISSAN MOTOR COMPANY Japan's two biggest auto makers fell in February because of continued sluggish demand in the Mideast and Southeast Asia
He explains the rat under the bed by saying Diss iss just a beeg mouse
Sonar technicians vital to searching the oceans for Soviet submarines are leaving the Navy on average a full year sooner than they did in nineteen eighty three
There are people who hate the idea that anyone can be successful at predicting the market he says
It is easy to see
The nominal exchange rate simply measures the value of one currency in terms of another
Pennwalt Corporation said it bought back all twenty eight thousand fifty four shares outstanding of its third series cumulative convertible preference stock from closely held Anschutz Corporation of Denver
The fifty five mile per hour limit costs Americans one billion hours of extra driving time a year
And if he wants to switch to a McKesson competitor with a similar computer service he will have to relabel his shelves and learn another computer system
The budget document for example reflects the same demand side focus and sets of public works style measures that were part of the British budgets nearly sixty years ago when the British treasury was controlled by another pair of Liberals David Lloyd George and John Maynard Keynes
He also disappointed those who urged him to take specific measures to reduce unemployment and increase pensions
The twenty seven judge conference is the supervisory body of the federal judiciary
The settlement in which First Jersey didn't admit wrongdoing is subject to a public hearing scheduled for March twenty seventh in U. S. District Court in Philadelphia
Other critics asserted that the report understates the role of renewable energy resources and that its findings will be used to reduce environmental protection for offshore drilling sites and in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
Another western Canadian newsprint producer British Columbia Forest Products Limited of Vancouver declined to say whether it would raise its price in response to MacMillan Bloedel's action
A spokesman said acquisitions in nineteen eighty six expanded the company's ownership of business journals to thirty six from ten
That September nineteen eighty four directive gives the highly secret National Security Agency a lead role in setting standards for computer security which civil liberties groups considered an unwanted intrusion into civilian areas
Japanese banks have been bailed out by the appreciation of the yen against the U. S. dollar
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange whose Standard and Poor's five hundred stock index futures contract accounts for seventy five percent of all stock index futures trading led the switch to the open at the urging of the New York Stock Exchange
The three motor vehicle production operations had combined sales of fifty million dollars for the fiscal year ended February twenty seventh
This will get the blood going at the exchange said an elated Mr. Bradt after his victory
Pussycats
One proposal in the draft called for the buffer stock manager to be open to offers and hence free to buy various types of beans reports said
GenCorp also has a pending agreement to sell its New Jersey T. V. station W. O. R. to M. C. A. Incorporated for three hundred eighty seven million dollars
Winter Park Police Detective Gary Collins said his investigation found that Mr. Liszewski had extensive records to corroborate his identity as Mr. Nelson including a driver's license and a copy of a diploma for a master's degree in business administration from the University of Notre Dame
Holders have until May first to file claims
Clark a truck manufacturer accused the plaintiffs Arthur Goldberg president of International Controls Incorporated of Boca Raton Florida and other members of the investor group of having a plan or scheme to acquire control of Clark through use of fraudulent deceptive and manipulative means
Buyers might lose their investments and face possible lawsuits as well analysts think though purchase agreements may assign accident risks to the the utility
The investor plan is a response to concern among cable operators about the future control of Turner Broadcasting
About one hundred fifty leftist rebels attacked a police barracks in northeastern Colombia killing at least eight police officers
A House Banking subcommittee approved a proposal to explore the possibility of creating a new international agency that would discount commercial banks' loans outstanding to Third World countries
Some social critics argue that the government buildup in the nineteen seventies wasn't meant so much to foment democracy and development as to hide the failure to provide enough real jobs
Singapore meanwhile permits foreign investors to purchase any of its equities but has a twenty percent foreign ownership ceiling on several important companies
Inflation surged
His position today is virtually impregnable
Her vision though did not hit you in the eye
Says Alan Hockin the dean of administrative studies at Toronto's York University and a director of one Edper company Jack is the real power behind the throne
Or it can choose the Howard Baker road alert pro active pragmatic and sensitive to the real world
His institute deployed college students to go out and learn what the informal sector was up against
Mr. Stein estimated that during the company's next fiscal year its toy business will account for seventy five percent to eighty percent of sales school accessories five percent to ten percent and consumer electronics ten percent to twenty percent
One of them had once shown me a wing of his castle not far away that had been burned by Swedish troops under Gustavus Adolphus
A year after his discharge in nineteen sixty four Mr. Pelton went to work as a research technician at the N. S. A.'s sprawling headquarters at Fort Meade Maryland north of Washington
Then began the process of trying to match the recorded voice to one of the one hundred suspects
There are also home security systems that respond to cries for help cars with voice controlled windshield wipers lights and radios as well as aids for the handicapped
Hoechst Celanese is the U. S. unit of West Germany based Hoechst
Mr. Faulkner's testimony disputed that account
Perhaps this stems from my own middle class background with its resulting vibes that stifle them in advance
But then along comes static analysis revenue neutrality
Federal Aviation Administration officials who are supervising the talks want the airlines to make more than two hundred schedule changes at five major airports
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Becor shares rose seventy five cents to close at fifteen point six two five dollars
Salant Corporation filed a proposed reorganization plan to pay about sixty three point eight million dollars in claims to unsecured creditors
But the center's study suggests that these tests are most often used by specific segments of the population
Cooper LaserSonics said it is closing its Marlboro Massachusetts plant and relocating those operations to the company's Santa Clara California facility
Trans World Airlines called off its plan to acquire U. S. Air Group Incorporated for fifty two dollars a share saying it doesn't intend to seek control of the company or to acquire additional stock at this time
Frank J. Kugler Junior fifty two years old was elected president and chief executive officer of this bank holding company
These are the kind of sentiment readings normally associated with a market bottom not a top Mr. Barthel asserted
It would be a great deal and I'm sure several companies will look at Fairchild very seriously
Mr. Davis's comments were in a letter sent last month to Ford and three dozen manufacturers that convert Ford E. three hundred fifty vans into ambulances
Last fall TransAmerican said it filed a reorganization plan that called for secured creditors to grant debt relief valued at more than two hundred million dollars in exchange for a commitment by TransAmerican to pay its remaining debts over a ten year period
About fifty houses were destroyed railway lines damaged and communications lines disrupted
The shrinking may be over
Recently Calny sued PepsiCo for more than five million dollars in damages alleging that PepsiCo supplied its retail bakeries with bad dough
Prior to the offering three Com had about fourteen point two million shares outstanding
The indications appear to be that irrespective of what stand North Korea finally takes once the I. O. C.'s September seventeenth deadline has passed the political factor will largely be transcended by the sporting one
The two offices were closed Friday by state regulators and the F. D. I. C. arranged the transfer of Beaver Creek State's insured deposits to Citizens State because no bids were received for the purchase of the failed bank
Spendthrift said it doesn't believe it will default on the debenture payments because it expects a restructuring agreement to become final before the the thirty day grace period expires
Mr. Burch fifty nine years old was chairman of the F. C. C. from nineteen sixty nine to nineteen seventy four and adviser to Presidents Nixon and Ford
Agra's cable television stake is held by its seventy two percent owned Cybermedix Limited a Toronto based operator of medical laboratories and Canadian cable systems
But legislators tempted to spend tax windfalls rather than cut spending may encounter opposition from taxpayers themselves
The marketer of electronic telecommunications devices said the move will result in a one time charge for the fourth quarter and for the year
The company makes photomasks or photographic plates containing microscopic images of integrated circuits
Local prosecutors have been joined in the investigation by the Federal Crime Bureau West Germany's federal law enforcement agency
Prohibiting subsidized loans to the Soviet Union has been another longstanding U. S. goal
We insist on an agreement with banks that guarantees our growth Mr. Funaro said
Volume in world sugar futures trading at the Coffee Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York swelled forty two percent during the twelve months ended February twenty eighth the exchange says
S. and P. also downgraded ratings on certificates of deposit of several of the companies' banking units
Individual stock options also will continue to expire at the close as do most other futures and options contracts
A staff of seventy Cineplex architects and engineers does nothing but build and renovate theaters often spending as much as four hundred fifty thousand dollars per screen
Mr. Cook says now that he agrees with the restructuring and indeed he has overseen much of it
The restrictions they argued have been made obsolete by rapid changes in telecommunications technology and markets including greater competition
In that way he was remarkably successful
Had we taken a hard line and said we weren't willing to look at anything chances are we wouldn't have a one point oh five billion dollar plant along the Missouri River
But Mr. Sexton says these approaches undermine the view that certain basic values must be part of any good public education the virtue of altruism respect for human dignity or life
In the past ten years Mr. Johnson has tacked on several businesses to his mutual fund empire including a job placement service and a computer merchandise mart
Mr. Dederick said that excluding autos we're talking about small increases in industrial production
The trustee Gerald A. Rimmel said in a telephone interview Friday that the Hanley agency issued a check for thirteen thousand five hundred dollars toward the purchase of the car in nineteen eighty two
For example on more than one occasion during a discussion with Siegel Freeman told Siegel not to worry because he could talk to certain investment bankers at other firms who he asserted would help him out
Carter Hawley Hale Stores Incorporated's specialty stores may be spun off into a new company named Neiman Marcus Group whose shares may begin trading on the Big Board General Cinema Corporation said at its annual shareholders meeting here
If shareholders approve Wells Fargo said it would adopt the more liberal Delaware view on director lawsuits indemnification cumulative voting and amending bylaws but said shareholders still would be able to overturn bylaw changes
Unexpected developments on the economic front occasionally produce bursts of activity in bond trading but rarely do rallies or slumps last long these days
He said Criswell Manufacturers Hanover and Campeau currently are studying options including one that would convert Campeau's land ownership into a larger interest in the building
Companies such as International Paper whose stock sold for seventy six in nineteen seventy six only regained that level in the nineteen eighty six fourth quarter she says
Separately an A. B. C. T. V. executive said arms merchant Manucher Ghorbanifar used journalist Barbara Walters as a conduit to pass on to Reagan his views about U. S. arms sales to Iran and related matters
With the sale of the industrial products unit about sixty nine percent of Borg Warner's earnings will come from manufacturing and thirty one percent from services
Already he has some nice gadgets
Nevertheless right now they are demanding that Congress renew a dollar limit on their liability for the radiation catastrophes they allege to be impossible
Century Telephone has said it plans to sell its cable properties to focus on its paging and cellular operations
A number of resolutions at the N. D. P. convention call for recognizing Quebec as a province with special status which is anathema to both Liberals and Conservatives
But maybe the memory of the Hunt brothers' debacle in the silver market is too fresh to sell a Texan on that argument
The refusal he argues allowed U. S. inventors to patent the vital discovery first
And thirty percent develop dementia
Until now investigations have centered on V. W.'s own currency trading operations at its headquarters in the northern town of Wolfsburg
Disney said Mr. Fitzpatrick's appointment would become effective when the company signs a definitive agreement with the French government covering establishment of the park
But now House is pitching coach for the Texas Rangers who are ensconced for spring training in shiny new quarters provided by this west central Florida city and he says he loves to hear his charges ask why
In nineteen eighty six Leon Bard another quality assurance specialist wrote that on several instances steel designated for the Aegis was marked for inspection but went through without being inspected
In Centerville Ohio Saint Leonard Center a seminary for Franciscan priests closed because of declining enrollments
However he ruled that Colonel North failed to demonstrate sufficient hardship to warrant interfering with a continuing criminal probe
Five years ago sales were a modest sixty seven point four million dollars
Expressway had assets of twenty point six million dollars and deposits of seventeen point six million dollars in two thousand four hundred accounts
Mr. Carr won't comment on the analysts' speculation but points to a statement in his nineteen seventy five and nineteen eighty five annual reports in which he said he believes shareholders should reap the benefits of their own patience and investment
They are trying to make new with old which could be a problem says Gerard Guibilato a Frenchman teaching at the Cornell School of Hotel Administration in Ithaca N. Y.
These projects to be carried out between now and nineteen ninety four will cost about five hundred eighty four million dollars with Oil India providing the bulk of the financing
Despite the high prices many top executives at publishing companies also expect the wave of acquisitions to continue through nineteen eighty seven
Purolator which has been cutting costs in an effort to turn the division around expects it to turn a profit this year he said
Because Continental a unit of Houston based Texas Air is having problems and driving traffic away it may be more likely to discount this summer says Timothy Pettee an analyst with Bear Stearns and Company in New York
Up close in the S. and P. pit however the pressures on the system are evident
Republicans prepare to blast the Democrats over the fiscal nineteen eighty eight budget tactics and tax increase proposals
Gary Eder forty one years old was formally charged with conspiracy and creation of false business records by a federal grand jury in Manhattan
Still many are continuing to inch ahead despite warnings by those analysts expecting a market correction that the play in them may be premature
Finally Mr. Miller who also holds a law degree proposed a solution
As a result a lower income buyer today might be as much a candidate to purchase a top quality brand as someone with a much higher income
They haven't done so in this case
The department is expected to announce the total number of acres slated for idling under the program after the markets close today
Meanwhile K. mart reported stronger than expected quarterly profit while Dayton Hudson posted a thirty two percent increase
The food consumer products and railroad concern said sixty nine million dollars of fourteen percent guaranteed notes due nineteen eighty nine of I. C. Industries Finance Corporation N. V. will be redeemed May fifteenth at a price of one hundred point five
The crocuses popped up buds plumped out to the explosion point and the kids came out by the thousands in shorts and halter tops
It weakens the industry and makes us less competitive in the long run
Last June the company reported a write down of eighty nine point nine million dollars from sales of discontinued operations
One wouldn't expect the truly rich and famous to fret over a twenty percent price rise in import prices
A Royal Court of Jersey judge ordered MAC to do so by next Wednesday according to a court official
They're trying to cope better with the toughening regulatory environment here and the trickier global risks in currency rates
Farah Manufacturing Company Chairman William Farah told the annual meeting that he expects the company to return to profitability for the rest of its fiscal year
True a boat trip to the Antarctic isn't the same as conquering Mount Everest but achieving firsts is what counts to professional adventurers and all the firsts on Everest seem to have already been achieved
The order includes one hundred forty five ton trucks and forty two and one half ton trucks
But the many New Yorkers included who believe that courtesy is declining dying or dead have one example after another to prove their point
Ecuador suspended interest payments for the rest of this year on its eight point two billion dollar foreign debt citing the economic impact of earthquakes last week that crippled the country's oil exports
Loral Corporation said it expects to complete tomorrow the previously reported acquisition of Goodyear Aerospace Corporation Loral said the price will be five hundred eighty eight million dollars compared with the earlier announced price of six hundred forty million dollars
Even the most right wing elements of the coalition the Christian Democrats' Bavarian sister party for instance have deep ties to labor the working class and Christian social thought
Florida tries to stimulate sales of frozen orange juice with a T. V. ad
The manufacturer recommended modifications in similar reheaters in the Fermi plant to improve their operation and avoid possible problems later on
In any event the jurors won't learn that Mr. Miller was Mr. West's personal attorney after Judge H. F. Hippo Garcia denied the motion to disqualify Mr. Miller he ordered both sides to refer to the Tesoro lawyer throughout the case as Randall Murphy
Mr. Miller admits to worrying about the cumulative effect on the jury of the stories of corporate corruption
River Oaks which makes manufactured housing has been struggling for the past year
A more reliable method is to immerse the body in water and measure how much water it displaces
Shipments to the E. C. had fallen seventy percent in December forty four percent in November and six point one percent in October
Mr. Reuter fifty nine years old is seen as the chief strategist behind the sudden expansion from a century old automotive business a move that raised nineteen eighty six group sales twenty four percent to thirty five point oh five billion dollars making Daimler Benz West Germany's largest company in terms of sales
The position of the two holding companies Groupe Bruxelles Lambert S. A. and the Tractebel S. A. affiliate of Societe Generale de Belgique S. A. improved with the collapse of a competing offer for I. C. Gas by the Dutch energy group S. H. V. Holdings N. V.
American Express Company substituted for Manville Corporation August thirtieth nineteen eighty two
Not that way he said referring to the sudden dismissals Friday
The commission has been studying ways to create a more competitive environment within the nation's electric utility industry
But it isn't certain that other countries would go along
I think that when Baker hired the infamous counsel Joe Jamail the Hughes outside directors became very concered about potential liabilities and when the suit listed punitive damages at one billion dollars that got a lot of attention in the boardroom of Hughes Tool
Eventually that sugar would be sold onto the world market and might depress prices
The impact should be less severe on companies like Tandy Corporation and Compaq Computer Corporation computer makers that sell more than bare bones clones
Jack Baker senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers called it a standoff day with many investors waiting for economic reports about retail sales producer prices and industrial production scheduled to be issued today and tomorrow
The only drawback is that we wanted to show that we really could turn it A. M. C. around
Earnings seven hundred nine million dollars or four dollars and twenty cents a share
He vowed in a breakfast talk with American reporters this week to continue to fight
OUTBOARD MARINE CORPORATION said it sold two million common shares at thirty one dollars each raising its total number of common shares outstanding to just over nineteen million
The emperor offered a prize to anyone who would discover a butter alternative for poor folks
Maybe the full rhythm section and an over cranked bass amp threw her off
At seventeen percent Greek inflation ran seven times faster than the average inflation rate of the European Community up from four times the average European rate in nineteen eighty five
I propose a two week constitutional convention in Philadelphia this fall for the express and sole purpose of drafting a brief amendment to the Constitution mandating a balanced federal budget
My interest here is not simply in verbal precision
Siemens currently owns thirty five percent of the concern Telecom's principal operating subsidiary
But those very gains can cause headaches for funds with rigid allocation percentages
This has proven detrimental to holders of those issues because the professional investors brought with them their computer assisted trading techniques short selling tactics professional research and efficient market pricing
Indeed ever since S. and P. began keeping a systematic tally in nineteen eighty one downgrades have been in the majority
Although no figures on the industry's capacity use are published most computer makers are clearly being plagued with overcapacity
In the U. S. many steelmakers saddled with huge unfunded pension liabilities are reluctant to shut even unprofitable plants because they can't absorb the cost of paying off workers and other expenses
Few old facilities were shut down
The department doesn't have a passing grade for the crash tests but under certain auto safety rules the maximum score allowed for head injury in crashes at thirty mph is one thousand
Over the past several months Taft has taken some major restructuring steps including selling five independent television stations and putting its entertainment group on the block but hasn't indicated where its activities will lead
It is possible to argue that America will always be a predominantly middle class society
C. Arnold Renschler remains president and chief operating officer
You pay fifty dollars a month more just to park your rig
On the non contract market the price of West Texas Intermediate the benchmark U. S. crude rose forty cents to eighteen dollars and fifteen cents and March North Sea Brent an abundantly traded European blend climbed thirty five cents to seventeen dollars and fifty five cents a barrel
Until now the agency has contracted with a single company to do emergency cleanups in each of the E. P. A.'s four administrative regions
The bank said it places orders for about four percent of the average thirty point one million shares traded daily on the Toronto exchange and Mr. Korthals said it intends to eventually execute stock orders through its own traders
Companies with undervalued assets might restructure to avoid a future takeover threat while others might go private to avoid the spotlight money managers add
International Paper told customers last week that it raised linerboard prices
Taft Broadcasting's stock jumped fourteen percent after a group led by Dudley Taft offered to acquire the broadcaster for one hundred forty five dollars a share or about one point three five billion dollars
The dealer must accept or reject the entire box valued at between one million dollars and twenty five million dollars
But the ethicists' role and powers vary considerably from place to place
Gordon was raising family hackles long before Pennzoil or Texaco came along
Others including cameras and makeup have been closed in favor of outside contractors ending Universal's status as the last of Hollywood's full service studios
The elderly woman wins but the argument continues into the hallway
INSTANT BEST SELLER The Tower Commission report goes into a third printing as a Bantam Books paperback making seven hundred thousand copies in print
Mr. Fliakos and other analysts say that although OPEC output is reliably reckoned to have dropped in the past month by almost one million barrels a day to around fifteen point eight million barrels a day it may have to stay there or drop further for the rest of the year to stabilize oil prices
In a recent report its top banking analysts pronounced Continental stock overvalued at its current trading range of about five dollars and seventy five cents
I have a great feeling for the company says Mr. Redstone
The company's ten year leases pay one dollar an acre a year and promise one eighth of any profits from a commercial oil strike
And Mario Green serving time at the jail on a drug charge says he's taking it all in stride
It's anybody's guess at this time who's going to do what to whom said Thomas Gaynor an analyst at Davenport and Company Richmond Virginia
It was a great place to develop camaraderie
A revenue passenger mile is one paying passenger flown one mile
For example writing in Time magazine in April nineteen eighty four Henry Kissinger argued that Europe should take over those arms control negotiations that deal with weapons stationed on European soil. The I. N. F. negotiations currently are conducted by Americans
As we have said before the Tower Commission's findings emphatically reaffirmed the principle that the president has and must have primary responsibility for the conduct of foreign policy
At the same time no country in Latin America has a higher deforestation rate outside the parks about one percent of the total land area each year
Consultants acknowledge that just one percent to two percent of routine transactions are executed through E. D. I. despite some rosy predictions that the technology would take corporate America by storm
Details of court arrangements couldn't be learned
The one hundred share index opened ten point five points higher on a strong showing by Wall Street and continuing expectations of British interest rate cuts
Venezuela last week agreed in principle to reschedule twenty point three four billion dollars of its thirty billion dollar foreign commercial bank debt over fourteen years at an interest margin of seven eighths point over Libor
The independent counsel law expires in January nineteen eighty eight and a Senate Governmental Affairs subcommittee has already scheduled two days of hearings for March eighteenth and nineteen to delve into the constitutionality and other questions about the law
Ford said it's considering plans to make passenger side air bags available starting in the nineteen eighty nine model year
In a prepared statement the company said that while it pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud the government the settlement neither admits nor proves that the government was defrauded
A. T. and T. officials wouldn't discuss the specific contents of the filing but past interviews with executives indicate A. T. and T. will call for scrapping rate of return regulation in favor of some sort of price control
General Felt which has interests in furniture carpets and floor products is in Saddle Brook N. J. G. F. I. a securities holding firm is located in Reno Nevada
One analyst saw this as an indication that Brazil might sell more freely if it deems this necessary to hold market share
Federated said yesterday that Mr. Questrom forty six was named to the additional post of executive vice president of the company and given responsibility for two other Federated divisions
The bill approved two hundred sixty four to one hundred twenty one was opposed by the Reagan administration mainly because of its substantial cost
Nevertheless the company's stock fell seven eighths to seven and one half
Senator Chiles said other revenue raising options are likely to include an oil import fee a gasoline tax the extension of the telephone excise tax and an increase in cigarette and alcohol taxes
The British government tallied two point nine million visits to Britain by North Americans last year down from three point eight million in nineteen eighty five
But that's about all they'll get Mrs. Thatcher's aides say they don't plan any significant policy revisions until at least nineteen eighty nine
American trade negotiators say that Japan has in effect gone back on its word to give free access
She said the sale reflects Texaco's plan to dispose of unwanted assets acquired in the nineteen eighty four acquisition of Getty Oil Company
The average price slash earnings ratio of about fourteen is historically high
Or more precisely no taxes
This doesn't mean we should stand by and do nothing let alone give an approving wink as OPEC attempts to regroup
The Herald strongly criticized the Cuban extremists
The State Department says other U. S. parties prefer to explore the opening quietly
This time out he's given Nora a little gumption and a job but his heart is not in her
It's possible this overstates the weakness
Thursdays March twelfth and nineteen eight to nine p. m. and midnight one a. m. E. S. T. on A and E. repeat dates include March thirteenth and sixteen part one and March twentieth and twenty three part two The Diary of Anne Frank
The prospectus for Amalgamated and L. L. C. show the combined companies with almost five hundred million dollars in cash at September thirtieth
Some personnel experts meanwhile worry about whether older workers will embrace changes to help make heavy industry competitive again
Facet which makes auto parts filters and oil field equipment said the union is asking for back wages for employees who had been replaced by nonunion workers during the November nineteen eighty three strike at the company's plants in Detroit and Madison Heights Michigan and Elmira N. Y.
Heine's purchases were unusual because Cambrian's shares have been suspended from trading on London's stock exchange since Mr. Boesky's difficulties
The index's market basket includes a Rolls Royce champagne and a mink coat
Although Mr.oO'Reilly concedes that it would be unfair and unrealistic to say we're going to get everything we asked for he expects media participation to increase after the campaign begins
A good question since Japan continued to run large trade deficits with the U. S. for two decades through nineteen sixty five and Western economists continued to worry
This threatened to upset the military balance between Iran and Iraq with consequent jeopardy to the Gulf States and the interests of the West in that region
It also allows wider distribution of the drug within the U. K.
Earlier this week The Wall Street Journal reported that criminal investigators want to determine whether Manucher Ghorbanifar who acted as a conduit for Iranian funds used to purchase forty six point seven million dollars in U. S. arms made kickbacks to Iranian officials or siphoned off profits for himself or associates
A source close to Allis said he couldn't say how quickly the company needs approval of the restructuring to avoid such a move
Mr. Stringer who also couldn't be reached for comment said in a memo to employees that the reorganization of the news division is intended in part to protect it from further cuts in the future and preserve the journalism we cherish
He contends that the economy this quarter appears to be muddling along at an annual growth rate of only about two percent after adjusting for inflation
The current level is also down slightly from the year ago level of one hundred forty three in January nineteen eighty six
G. M. whose directors approved the idea of a stock buyback last fall is clearly betting that improvements in its business will help finance the program
Traders said there was a big influx of Japanese and European buying early in the day a carry over from gains made by U. S. equities in overseas markets
But some presidential aides suggested that Mr. Reagan's State of the Union message January twenty seventh was so poorly received that Mrs. Reagan among others urged a new process turning to someone who had successfully written for her
Loss
Hughes called its ill fated proposal of yesterday a fix it first approach in which the antitrust objections to the merger would be cured before the combination occurred not after
So what can be done
With investors staying on the sidelines most of the light turnover represented adjustments in holdings by professional traders
But such measures should never include elimination of the insurers' traditional ability to rate risk
Others accuse the company of a smorgasbord of little deceptions
And unlike most toothpastes sold as natural products Tom's of Maine dares to offer fluoride versions
Revenue totaled twelve point eight million dollars
The Des Moines factory has nine hundred hourly and two hundred salaried employees
Sweden posted a December deficit on its current account equivalent to fifteen point five million dollars narrower than a gap of thirty one million dollars a year earlier but in contrast to a surplus of sixty two million dollars in December the central bank said
Also on hand is Dave Righetti who last season set a Major League record with forty six saves
In his most candid assessment in a November twenty sixth Time magazine interview that his aides later said he thought was off the record Mr. Reagan insisted We took the only action we could have in Iran
Naturally I would prefer to leave the rate structure alone the House's chief tax writer said
Traders said the Bank of England's action was aimed at smoothing out sterling's latest exchange rate swing
The Fed has said it would make decisions by April on applications made through a gap in current law from Bankers Trust New York Corporation Citicorp and J. P. Morgan and Company for most of the same underwriting authority proposed in the original Proxmire bill
Mr. Campbell an energy researcher at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories in Livermore California spends about sixty dollars a month calling up computer networks to find other hobbyists
The financial entrepreneur is not contributing only his own equity to his acquisitions
Mr. Brown declined to comment on the cost of the proposed link but analysts estimate it at three hundred million dollars or more
Before the RepublicBank offering its credit card receivables were funded with deposits raised mostly by its big Dallas bank which like all banks included a mix of time deposits with varying maturities
He brought actions against the company but died eleven months later
two hundred thirty six point one million dollars of Georgia general obligation bonds
Though informed of the administration's arms sales to Iran Mr. Regan has repeatedly denied any knowledge of profits being diverted to aid the Contras
That's no excuse
When in March eighty fifth I saw the tragedy of the Ohio depositors that really hurt Mr. Gomez says
The company said the first product to be marketed under the joint venture will be an antibiotic cephalexin monohydrate which is currently marketed by Indianapolis based Eli Lilly and Company as Keflex a product on which the patent expires next month
Sunbeam Corporation Canada will continue selling a full range of small electric appliances to Canadian consumers the company said
The European Community Commission's formal policy is to lift by year's end the system of production quotas that has helped support E. C. steel prices
The nineteen eighty six result followed growth of four percent in nineteen eighty five five point five percent in nineteen eighty four and three point one percent in nineteen eighty three
From the middle of January newspapers began to run scare stories about Pakistan troops moving toward the border
Other Republicans who already have such committees in operation include Vice President George Bush Representative Jack Kemp of New York and television evangelist Pat Robertson
Mr. Harrison also said that S. H. V.'s proposed sale of its Contibel shares could indicate a struggle for control of Petrofina in which Contibel holds a seven point two percent stake
Ministry officials noted that the dollar was stable against the yen during February and that the Bank of Japan thus didn't intervene in the currency markets
The maker of high technology and consumer electronics equipment said at the meeting that it is seeking a buyer for its Triplett Electrical Instrument Corporation unit
Right now I've hit the absolute psychophotosynthetic low in my gardening year
The productivity decline was the first since the nineteen eighty five fourth quarter in this sector but increases in output and hours were the largest of the year
In this novel that celebrates concordia discors the harmonizing of dissonant elements he offers us the variety of seventeen narrators in twenty six chapters that run from one thousand eight hundred sixty five when Dvorak first taught music to the goldsmith's daughters in Prague to nineteen forty five when his great American patroness Jeannette Thurber died listening to Dvorak and jazz records in her Catskill retreat at the age of ninety five
The Congressional Research Service meanwhile is gathering data on how much investment bankers earned from hostile takeovers in the past two years
Congress and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission have provided such protection to investors in the commodities markets and securities investors should be entitled to similar treatment
He added that Fluor currently has no need or plan to issue new debt
M. C. I. said it expects Penney's use of the services to exceed four million calls a month of voice traffic
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Cenergy shares closed at seven dollars and twenty five cents up thirty seven point five cents
Ideally Mr. Kern would like to roll his floats through Moscow's Red Square but he says Odessa would also be acceptable
The usual knees jerked
But he also brings some modern management theories picked up at Wharton Columbia Business School and the London School of Economics
The Fenton bank with year end assets of eighty million dollars is Banc One's third Michigan affiliate
The main reason was that so called non building construction contracts which soared to forty seven point eight billion dollars in December when last year's only electric power plant project was started dropped ten percent in January to forty three point oh eight billion dollars
U. S. designed radar and other gear are being used heavily in the first major cooperative European warplane the Tornado
But one senior Justice Department official said There seems to be a consensus around here that it the law poses constitutional problems
That's because the agency saved money by deciding to forgo a planned mailing to remind employees of their withholding obligations
A C. F. T. C. official also says the exchanges risk killing the goose that lays the golden egg by offending some large influential members the brokerage houses that want to make the off exchange trades
Mr. Warner also said he didn't learn of E. S. M.'s financial troubles until January nineteen eighty five
But it backed down after receiving pressure from Citicorp other banks and Fed officials. All parties involved declined to comment
The Supreme Court refused to hear Tele Communications' appeal
The I. R. S. unveiled a simpler version of its widely criticized W. four
At a news conference here yesterday Mr. Funaro said he wanted European governments to agree to channel funds to Brazil from international lending agencies
At the time Representative Boner urged the House panel to continue its inquiry in order to clarify rules on the use of campaign funds
In addition it said it wants to explore the cost and effectiveness of modifications to aircraft ventilation systems to reduce smoke
In nineteen eighty five pre tax profit fell five percent to one hundred twenty point one million dollars which contributed to the initial lack of appeal the executives said
Doctor Pesch has sought backing for his bid from several major American Medical shareholders including the Bass family of Fort Worth Texas
C. B. S. fell three and three quarters to one hundred fifty seven and one quarter and Capital Cities slash A. B. C. was off two and one half to three hundred twenty nine and one half
In its fiscal nineteen eighty six fourth quarter Modine earned four point eight million dollars or sixty one cents a share on sales of eighty point eight million dollars
The three most active programs are oil and gas drilling in the Gulf of Mexico gas drilling in the Anadarko basin and development of a gas field in Canada Mr. Bray said
They come mostly from the publishing industry which Hammond serves
Some are from lost jobs a sign of our times employment relocation and job transfers
The peso dollar exchange rate traditionally has been an excellent barometer of investor confidence and this rate has remained virtually unchanged for the past year
In the year earlier quarter the Mexican food restaurant chain earned four hundred twenty four thousand dollars or nine cents a share
Indeed the most irksome aspects of this book are Mr. Kuhn's constant references to public or fan interests to justify his rulings and his wrapping his decisions in the banner of baseball the way others use the flag
Total debt outstanding at the end of the year was seven point six eight one trillion dollars up from seven point four two four trillion dollars at the end of the third quarter and six point eight five one trillion dollars at the end of nineteen eighty five
The first game on Saturday at nine thirty p. m. at the Byrne Arena two hundred one nine hundred thirty three eight thousand five hundred sees a rematch between the Saints and the Thunder
If Mr. Stockman had not been so consistently wrong in his doom and gloom forecasts over the past four years one might say his remarks were untimely
Elsewhere farm bill guarantees of crop price supports to farmers are allowing some to buy land and produce a positive cash flow lenders say
Second it will reduce the current concern that a takeover of an undermanaged company is imminent
The governors' opposition to operation represents a financial burden and jeopardizes the security of future electricity supplies in those locales
The sale is expected to about double the fund's earnings pool to around five hundred fifty million dollars
Marc Rangel a native of Nicaragua's Indian region and the publisher of a newsletter on the Miskitos says that the C. I. A.'s operatives didn't know what they were doing so they botched it
Contributing to fears of eroding confidence in the dollar are the administration's problems with the Iranian arms crisis
It was the first visit here by top Brazilian economic officials since the country suspended interest payments on its commercial bank debt two weeks ago
He acknowledged that the power demand forecasts in the official statements for units Number four and Number five were essentially the same as those for the three other nuclear units
Paul Bocuse who got his third star in nineteen sixty five and is an old friend and mentor sells wristwatches with his face on them
Says Norman Abeles a Michigan State University professor of psychology Suppose you have a person with no previous history of violence but he has lost his job and he is angry at the world and says that sometimes he feels like choking someone to death
Because of the interplay between the tax credit and passive loss provisions of the new law the actual credit that a taxpayer can take is limited to the amount of tax he would pay on twenty five thousand dollars of income
He can wait while his wife rocks
Mr. Regan learned of the news when National Security Adviser Frank Carlucci called to tell him he'd seen it on television
The only thing you can be reasonably sure of he says is that you can't get rid of the liability
On Thursday the issue closed at one hundred and two thirty seconds to yield seven point four nine percent
The U. S. was a civil plaintiff in the case and was seeking a condemnation of terrorism
The Giant Group unit meanwhile continued to accumulate T. R. E. stock
Mr. Baker has never been too overtly conservative or too overtly liberal his stepmother Irene Baker has said
The Bank Board set new limits on non banking investments by thrifts basing them on the institution's capital and assets
If you wanted to sell it you had plenty of opportunities said Samuel F. Lek a trader at Bear Stearns and Company New York
In the fourth quarter of nineteen eighty six the company set aside eleven point eight million dollars for taxes while in the nineteen eighty five quarter it had a tax benefit of six point two million dollars
Publicly U. S. officials welcomed the Soviet announcement
At the same time it expanded its activity in the Northeast
Mr. Pope formerly a vice president of the parent also was named executive vice president and a director of the company
For the third unit Jersey Central Power and Light Company the rating concern had been reviewing its credit rating and confirmed it at B. a. a. one for the utility's first mortgage bonds and pollution control revenue bonds
Sales fell eleven percent to six hundred fifty nine point four million dollars from seven hundred thirty seven point nine million dollars
Since his nineteen eighty three appointment as chairman of the U. S. Civil Rights Commission Clarence Pendleton Junior has faced threats to abolish the much criticized agency altogether
Todd shares rose twenty five cents to nine point one two five dollars in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday
If you put the bait where they are they'll take it whether they're hungry or not
The knowledge the Japanese South Koreans Taiwanese and Singaporeans have about your language customs and practices gives them an advantage
It is more expensive though and harder to fabricate
Four other rebels chained but alive told the military of a purge among the communists in Mindanao that in its brutality was unprecedented in the party's twenty year history
Of course the radical Tamil separatists are still a long way from victory in Sri Lanka
The long term solution to providing health care for the poor however should involve separating government aid for health care from welfare entirely
Denny's which in nineteen eighty six had revenue of one point three billion dollars has one thousand one hundred eighty five full service moderate priced Denny's restaurants in forty three states and six foreign countries
For pro Western members who make up the vast majority the only good news to greet the gathering of prime ministers and presidents came from tiny Vanuatu a seven year old nation of one hundred thirty thousand people which has had a habit of tweaking the West's nose by befriending Cuba the Soviet Union and the nonaligned movement
The Ways and Means Democrats expressed growing support yesterday for boosts in energy taxes and gift and estate taxes as a way to raise at least eighteen billion dollars as part of a deficit reduction package
And several other big U. S. banks are expected to take similar steps soon
Tandon citing lower overhead and costs from offshore production made reductions of as much as twenty five percent
Sears already has optical departments in about six hundred of its department stores
But unlike American or European fund managers whose performances are measured against the market Japanese fund managers say they have to show only a reasonable effort
It doesn't change what we're doing at all said Greg Leo head of the agency's congressional and public affairs office
U. S. P. C. I. which got a forty three dollar a share bid from Union Pacific Wednesday gained two to forty nine
Bees carrying the African genes have migrated as far as the southern tip of Mexico and unless stopped will reach the Southern U. S. in less than three years entomologists predict
Stones also have created a new job classification in the apparel industry de rocker
But White House officials say the president may eventually approve a national educational program and the Centers for Disease Control is working to develop one
In nineteen eighty five she began a three year prison sentence after embezzling more than one point eight million dollars from escrow accounts she managed for a Philadelphia insurance company
The spokesman said Care was admitting only shareholders of record April second to the meeting
I honestly haven't decided what to do he says and the good Lord hasn't quite told me yet
The offering also includes bonds priced to yield six point five percent in nineteen ninety one seven percent in nineteen ninety three eight percent in two thousand and eight point five percent in two thousand three
Of twenty five major brokerage firm analysts asked by Hill and Knowlton a public relations firm sixteen want the full annual report complete with financial statements
A poor showing by the current account the broadest measure of the nation's trade could have given opposition parties an opportunity to attack the ruling Conservatives over their economic record analysts said
The sales allegedly took place between December nineteen eighty two and June nineteen eighty four
Doctor Bihari characterized the I. C. N. approach as sleazy and illegal and he discounted the company's claim that it would make the drug available for humanitarian reasons
According to a department spokesman the index is designed to forecast economic trends three to six months in advance
Silvercrest which makes factory built homes and develops and manages mobile home parks said it will hold a twenty five percent interest in the venture with Watt Pacific Incorporated a unit of Santa Monica California based Watt
But analysts predicted a close election
Unlike the department's monthly merchandise trade figures the quarterly balance of payment merchandise trade measure doesn't include the cost of insurance and freight in import totals
When told that for ethical reasons the reporter didn't trade shares Mr. Spelman was incredulous
These chapters help to establish both how varied human economic activities have been and how perennial certain problems are
But usually the wind sweeps them quickly away
The court rewarded her client for this achievement with a five year sentence
You won't after seeing this documentary about a young woman from Minnesota who dreamed of stardom and woke up in a nightmare of degradation and drugs
Elsewhere in Tampopo a hilariously wiggy Japanese comedy an old man caresses the pork and vegetables floating in the soup above his noodles
Goldman Sachs and Company is the managing underwriter
And it is entirely appropriate for the federal government to establish rules that prevent parochial interests from frustrating the national interest in a diverse range of energy sources
Any American who travels or works abroad will confirm this
He says the judge quickly discontinued the buzzer system however after attorneys inadvertently kept setting the buzzers off when they set down their briefcases or coffee cups
A Repligen spokesman characterized the payments as substantial
Analysts expect Squibb's net income which was seven dollars and thirty seven cents a share last year to rise an average of twenty five percent annually for four to six years
The major creditors include the government of Britain where De Lorean Motor built a plant and the French auto maker Regie Nationale des Usines Renault which was a supplier
These officials have noted that the timing of any new proposal would be particularly well chosen coming just after NATO defense ministers expressed concern earlier this week about conventional force imbalances
Each share of a serial preferred stock will be converted likewise
William K. Bragg Junior the company's general counsel said it would be too costly to have the new auditors Touche Ross and Company redo work on the nineteen eighty six audit which already had been done by K. M. G. Main Hurdman the previous auditors
There will be others now that Shimizu has taken the first step
Together with in flight catering arrangements with seventy airlines at forty two airports the Carson Pirie operations have annual revenue totaling four hundred fifty million dollars which Mr. Teets said would increase Greyhound's food service revenue to more than eight hundred million dollars a year
A can of Pepsi would stand out in a T. V. series like a sore thumb says Madeline Rosen a Los Angeles consultant who has arranged T. V. tie ins for Pan Am
A Taft spokesman said accounting rules required the company to record a fiscal third quarter charge of fifty eight point one million dollars on the sale of the independent stations although the transaction wasn't completed until April ninth after the company's fiscal year ended
There are some legal limitations with regard to size and quantity and so forth and so on both here and overseas
The declines may be part of a correction in foreign currency futures that could continue through the summer said Mark Leibovit a technical analyst and editor of the Volume Reversal Survey newsletter in Chicago
Luck approaching door is the translation of the sign at Hunan Balcony while the awning over recently closed Duck Heaven reads Celebration party following success in the local civil service examination
The C. I. A. station chief in Costa Rica identified by Colonel Dutton as Joe helped direct the drops and in two cases the same official and a U. S. military officer in Costa Rica helped to arrange the refueling of planes used in successful runs last summer
The nine and seven eighths percent debentures were priced at ninety nine point four two seven to yield nine point nine three five percent
While neither system is as cheap as those made by low priced clone makers Mr. Burke said that they are competitive with I. B. M. and other name brand computers
Short interest rose sharply in the over the counter market for the month ended in mid May
The British pound fell sharply but traders said its weakness had less to do with the dollar's strength than with worries that Britain's Conservative Party government may have a tougher election fight than was expected earlier
On the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday Canada Trustco closed at sixty seven point three seven five dollars
Three Coopers and Lybrand employees spent the better part of the last three months redoing forms and computer programs says Frank Scalia of the C. P. A. firm
Earth tones indicate troubled times ahead he says
I thought there wasn't smoking in Beverly Hills anymore said his wife Helen
I think Vanna is going to be around for a long time he says
Profit taking struck issues related to acquired immune deficiency syndrome which climbed Monday
Their Chinese associates have been detained interrogated and imprisoned
Taiwanese say they would buy more American products if the price and the quality were equal to Japanese goods
From Guinness's viewpoint there have been other signs lately of improving prospects
The lawsuit blamed the company for alleged securities fraud that occurred when its chairman Maurice Strong falsely suggested that an important merger was imminent for A. Z. L. Atlantic Financial which later collapsed bought six hundred fifty thousand shares of A. Z. L. for itself and its clients
If the transaction is completed these amendments will give a substantial degree of control to New York based Time Incorporated and Denver based Tele Communications Incorporated which together will control more than two thirds of the cable companies' stake
Now with payers clamping down on costs hospitals are struggling to become price competitive
The rating concern also lowered its preliminary rating on two hundred million dollars of Borg Warner shelf registrations to single B. from single A plus and removed the company from its CreditWatch list
The sugar program benefits two small but politically well connected groups the eleven thousand four hundred U. S. sugar beet and sugar cane growers and a few firms such as Archer Daniels Midland that produce high fructose corn sweeteners that are only competitive only at the subsidy inflated price of sugar
Any delay at this particular point while history is being made would be unwise said one
N. C. R. Corporation in a major effort to shore up its fledgling personal computer business is joining the list of computer makers offering machines based on Intel Corporation's powerful eighty three eighty six microprocessor
And soon Mr. Chen is going to Florence Italy to study shoemaking techniques
They angrily point at the damage from the sonic barrage broken windows cracked walls even a mobile home dislodged from its foundations
This destroys the idea the French had of television says Mr. Desgraupes the former Antenne two chairman
But the court said T. W. A. can give preference to the one thousand two hundred twenty replacements for striking attendants it hired at the time of the strike
Whether the sequel will continue to draw such huge revenues remains to be seen although some industry executives predict it will outperform the original
Perry Drug Stores Incorporated posted a four point eight million dollar loss for its fiscal second quarter compared with the year earlier profit of one point one million dollars or eleven cents a share
Sometimes Ore Ida had to be dragged toward success
Excluding the effect of deferred earnings and tax benefits analysts say Citicorp's corporate bank should earn about two dollars a share next year
By the end of the year that rate will be back down to eight and one half percent the level it touched in March
Even with production schedule cutbacks I assume we're going to have a heck of a yard sale as car dealers clear their lots for nineteen eighty eight models
Crazy Eddie's founder has sold at least sixty eight point four million dollars of the company's stock since late nineteen eighty four
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission the group said it holds ninety nine thousand five hundred shares in the Norfolk Virginia maker of prepackaged sandwiches including fifty seven thousand shares purchased from March twenty seventh to Friday for one dollar and ninety eight cents to two dollars and five cents each
Mr. Tisch the man behind this push for a better image has impeccable corporate credentials
He says bears annually kill twenty to thirty head of his cattle but have yet to take so much as a newborn calf from his herd of the quick and aggressive bison. As livestock the buffaloes do have their drawbacks so far they have gored to death four of Mr. Burton's ranch horses at roundup time
It also hints that if the government really does want to subsidize semiconductors it ought to restore those capital gains breaks that led to the venture capital boom that built these new firms or at least put the bucks up for some state of the art silicon foundries here in the States
The big New York banks are probably going to be putting a lot of actions on hold at least temporarily said Richard A. Mueller an analyst with Duff and Phelps Incorporated in Chicago
There has been a quiet revolution in product engineering going on under our very noses
He values propaganda as evidenced by the protege status he has awarded Alexander Yakovlev the party's leading practitioner of that art
However the benefits to the C. B. O. T. could be short lived
The AIDS tests are reliable and have been used successfully
Then the German labor unions vetoed the company's plan to establish a manufacturing plant in the U. S. they were not going to allow the exportation of German jobs
I grew up near the water in southern Virginia in a county with two hundred twenty seven square miles and one stoplight
There is blood everywhere and bodies
A song might have been sung first on Broadway he explains but the slides were a way to get it national play and to spur sales of sheet music
Spicing this already pungent portrait are Mr. Bernstein's disapproving father and loving sister his tendencies toward misogyny and homosexual guilt his fragmented connections to others to God and to himself a sordid diagnosis powering lofty flights of inference that following his marriage Mr. Bernstein dedicated Trouble in Tahiti to Marc Blitzstein a homosexual as a consolation gift that his relative neglect of Samuel Barber's music during the Philharmonic years was partly jealousy of Barber's more graceful homosexuality that in his most recent stage work A Quiet Place he tried to vomit his soul to get rid of the poisons that are causing pain
In nineteen eighty two he was named U. S. attorney and praised by many as just the person needed to fight corruption in Tampa
And where else would I get four weeks' vacation
Vince McMahon has inquired about off season availabilities
Under the ruling Mr. Siegel can't disclose the contents to anyone including his son and fellow Chris Craft executive William Siegel unless Warner agrees to the disclosure
Beker filed in October nineteen eighty five for protection under Chapter eleven which protects a company from creditors' lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay debt
Sutter Hill is a unit of Genstar Corporation which Imasco acquired last August
John Stern the Tokyo based representative of the U. S. electronics industry said U. S. producers would like to see immediate sales as well as the long term business tie ups urged by the ministry
The increased dividend is equivalent to sixty six cents quarterly on pre split shares G. E. previously paid sixty three cents quarterly
Mr. Chavez found opposition in state Senator Tom Rutherford who acknowledges that Southland contributed to his campaign
Intra army squabbling was minimal partly because the coup leader's commander Brigadeer
They sell essential materials and services to South Africa and refuse to guarantee equal opportunity to black South Africans
In delayed Securities and Exchange Commission year end filings Care said it is trying to refinance about thirty six point three million dollars in bank borrowings
According to Cray's spokesman Digital will market the product solely and receive all the revenue from it
ZZZZ Best Company stock plunged twenty eight percent in active trading Friday following a report linking the carpet cleaning concern with false credit card billing
Sure you're disappointed but it takes a day or so to get over that he said patiently fielding reporters' questions following the news conference long after other executives had departed
The fear of inflation started to wane today said Peter Furniss managing director of Smith Barney Harris Upham
Kent Electronics Corporation a Houston based manufacturer and distributor of electronic products began trading under the symbol KEC
And a majority of Brazil's twenty three state governors apparently coaxed by some generous promises of funding for state projects have made it clear they too favor a five year term
The South Pacific nation's governor general has taken charge until new elections are held in about six months
They're often less embarrassed if they're starting over because they've lost a job and more able to talk about it says Adele Ribolow a consultant at Remer Ribolow and Associates in New York
Mr. Cloonan says individuals should hang on to odd lot holdings if that is the only way they can have a diversified portfolio
Then she dips the wick of another candle into the flame repeating the process until seven candles are alight
Swiss owned Missouri Portland Cement Company held out for three years against a union organized slowdown
During his Washington trip Mr. Nakasone had said that in return for providing such funds to debtor nations he would seek U. S. cooperation in supporting the dollar and ask the U. S. to limit moves against Japanese exports
Daisy Brown
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Milacron shares closed at thirty one dollars and twenty five cents up one dollar and fifty cents
I had to cheat on it to live she laughs in retrospect
Mr. Lehman former secretary of the Navy is now writing a book
This led to wildcat strikes challenging unions' role
The key it says is to earn the confidence of parents who act as consumers in the educational marketplace
The sale was managed by Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated and Bear Stearns and Company Proceeds will be used to increase working capital and open new offices or possibly make acquisitions the land development company said
The approved amendment also provides for directors to be indemnified by the company should they be personally sued in connection with their work on the board
Richard M. Reilly executive vice president of Fidelity Investments' management and research company expects gross industry sales this year of one hundred seventy five billion dollars to two hundred billion dollars excluding money market funds
I really didn't care what he was talking about but I enjoyed listening to him says Natalie Parr thirty two a Democratic housewife after watching a brief video clip of Senator Joseph Biden of Delaware
Headquarters is a low brick building with a view of the surrounding farmers' fields
G. M. will close its Norwood Ohio plant which also produces the Camaros and Firebirds for the week of June eighth
The gas industry welcomed the measure
The new food might be healthier they say but isn't as tasty to the typical recruit
I'm relatively cheap
At the time he named Colonel North as a co conspirator
The company is expected to keep keep much of its home products businesses including carpets and rugs and industrial fabrics divisions which together accounted for about forty percent of fiscal nineteen eighty six sales
The price includes a package of three securities the value of which depends largely upon Allied's future performance which may be shakier than many analysts had projected
Part of the payment apparently will be recognized as profit to Occidental Eugene Nowak an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Incorporated said
Such steps would follow Citicorp's announcement earlier this week of a huge three billion dollar increase in its loan loss reserve
Congressional staff members say he wants to dispel the Democrats' soft on the Soviets image by showing a willingness to question arms control agreements and wants to raise enough doubts about this particular deal so its success won't generate too much enthusiasm for the Republicans as election year nears
The I. R. S. yesterday also issued a revenue ruling that provides additional guidance for determining whether these workers are employees or contractors
There are other measures such as surging bank credit and bank reserves compiled by the Federal Reserve that strongly suggest we are witnessing a relatively easy monetary stance amid a sudden surge in inflation he contended
Mr. Peltz whose name popped up in the Suzy society newspaper gossip column this year when he bought a home in Palm Beach Florida for a reported eighteen million dollars he says the true amount was significantly less clearly appreciates his new found grandeur
Stocks Volume one hundred sixty four million eight hundred thirty thousand shares
The agreements call for China to use Caterpillar technology to make several models of track type tractors wheel loaders log skidders and engines machinery used in the heavy construction industry
Sikes boosted its quarterly dividend to four cents on each post split share from three point two five cents on a post split basis
The downside is that thousands of rural Japanese rice bowls would have to be broken
In five years the average age of the unit's senior twenty managers dropped to forty six from fifty two
Is it trying to save money by canceling lightly booked flights and transferring the long suffering survivors to another plane headed toward the same general destination
Neither Ms. Sanford's son nor her twenty two year old daughter displays the kind of anomie that runs through River's Edge says their mother I don't know this kind of kids but their voices were as real to me as kids' voices I know
The company sold one million shares and a holder sold the rest
After all we and not they invented research
But the justice errs I think when he uses this to denigrate the wisdom and foresight of those who wrote the document and to suggest we should therefore be restrained in our celebration of their work
He picked William Bradford Reynolds who also will remain assistant A. G. for civil rights
Sometimes they spit beer in the agents' faces
The Civil Rights Restoration Act was passed yesterday on a twelve to four vote with all nine of the panel's Democrats and three of the seven Republicans voting for the measure
The product was awful in terms of taste quality and fashion direction
The news also underscores conflicting pressures on health care workers to avoid contamination but also to deliver a degree of personal and compassionate care that is difficult to convey across layers of gauze and rubber
What upsets the market more than anything is uncertainty he added
This support comes from a brew of fear and volition
Yamaichi International has six point five billion dollars under management
In seeking to restore profitability big banks have relatively little leverage over Fortune five hundred corporations which can borrow elsewhere such as the commercial paper market
An official government inquiry that year led by Peru's leading writer Mario Vargas Llosa concluded that the villagers killed the journalists after they mistook them for Shining Path guerrillas
A. M. C. also said Chrysler raised its bid for convertible preferred shares outstanding offering one dollar and four cents for each such share in addition to the common stock equivalent
Some officials were less sanguine than Mr. Bresser Pereira
Pressures on public finances and cash reserves are looming too
Mr. Holmes a Court in a letter he sent yesterday to Texaco's Mr. Kinnear said Our assessment is that the market has overreacted severely in devaluing Texaco stock to current market levels and that the intrinsic value of Texaco's assets is substantially higher
According to the internal memo distributed by chief financial officer Frank Newman on April thirtieth division budgets for nineteen eighty seven submitted in February included higher expenses than were included in management's profit plan presented to the board the month before
Based on the company's comments second quarter earnings appear to be about sixty nine cents or seventy cents a share rather than fifty six cents a share as some analysts have been predicting
Many traders said the Fed's move bolstered sentiment that the central bank hasn't wavered from its recently tighter stance on credit
Costa Rican government action against him could jeopardize his multimillion dollar stake he says he leaves the exact numbers to his accountant in the tens of thousands of acres of grazing and crop land he owns or helps manage here
The company said it failed to meet the May fifteenth deadline for filing its quarterly financial report with the Securities and Exchange Commission
Management feels it is in the best interest of our shareholders to convert as much of the company's debt to its majority shareholder Canada Development Corporation and other notes into equity which will improve the earnings through reduced interest expense Mr. Sadler said
Last month the central banks of those countries reportedly bought about thirty billion dollars in the currency markets led by aggressive buying by the Bank of Japan
He had been predicting nine dollars and ten cents a share
Those factors have continued to affect the concern this year
And if contested court cases grow out of the investigation it's possible there could be a legal battle over whether President Reagan's diaries should be shown to a court
It proposed controversial new changes to tighten minimum funding standards limit funding waivers and impose a variable rate system by which underfunded plans might pay a fee as high as one hundred dollars per worker
U. S. Savings Bonds b. five point eight four percent
But make no mistake The film and T. V. world still largely ignores the old
She says I like sad songs
Congress is preoccupied with the mammoth federal deficit and public support for higher defense spending has evaporated
Mr. Peres has been pushing the notion in Washington even meeting there with Soviet envoy Yuri Dubynin
That feature more than the indicated five percent to five and one half percent coupon at par appeared to be a lure
But Idaho Power also opposes certain efforts to advance the commercialization of solar power
In April permits fell seven percent from March to a one million five hundred ninety nine thousand unit annual rate as permits for single family homes plunged seven point seven percent and those for multi family units dropped five point four percent
Everything's for sale in Atlanta says Holly Boyett a high end real estate agent
Q.
And there were strong rumors that Merrill Lynch Capital Partners the leveraged buyout unit of Merrill Lynch and Company had made a seventy five dollar a share bid for Burlington
Some thirteen thousand four hundred fifty copies of the first printing of fourteen thousand eight hundred seventy have been sold at thirty one dollars mailing included
Wade as the Supreme Court's greatest deviation
He also said that so far this year a cluster of leading central banks have intervened with dollar purchases of well over thirty billion dollars
National Intergroup is evolving from a steel concern into a more broadly based company with distribution service and specialty metals businesses
Japan's triumph in V. C. R.s largely sprang from more intense domestic competition
But the compromise language also makes it harder to prosecute executives who claim they didn't have reason to believe that certain payments to middlemen were used for bribes
Thus an individual might appear on the list without implying he is a potential government target they said
Mr. Maxwell acknowledges the criticism but says it is based on invalid perceptions
British manufacturing production rose a seasonally adjusted zero point three percent in March but gained five point two percent from a year earlier the government reported
Yesterday Korea announced that it was granting access to A. I. G.'s American Life Insurance Company
It also originates and services commercial mortgages and has a mortgage insurance business
Finally a series of economic teams have succeeded only in producing an annual inflation rate of over eight hundred percent that is clearly destabilizing
I. B. M. also announced new software packages including the first software permitting the development of applications that will run across the so called System slash three hundred seventy line of computers
The Reagan administration successfully tested a so called ASAT weapon in nineteen eighty five and has pushed for further tests since Congress imposed the moratorium in nineteen eighty six
The mortgage department then decided to hold onto about nine hundred million dollars of the securities when it could have sold them at a small loss betting that their value would soon rise significantly
Harcourt Brace Jovanovich which jumped sixteen and one eighth points Monday after British Printing announced its forty four dollar a share bid for the book publisher yesterday gained one and three eighths to forty eight reflecting speculation that a higher bid will emerge
All the turmoil in the financial markets greatly increases the chances that Paul Volcker will be reappointed chairman of the Federal Reserve Board many analysts agree
THE U. S. INTENDS to protect Kuwaiti ships despite Iraq's attack on a frigate
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Fortuna said that it bought for about one point one million dollars a half interest in an S. A. I. seven percent Series A convertible note from t. Hooge Huys Holding U. S. A. B. V.
The stock market in assigning big American banks extraordinarily low price to earnings multiples has already assumed that there are billions of dollars of unrealized losses on their books
Seasonally adjusted retail sales in Britain calculated on a volume basis increased eight percent in April from a year earlier and three point eight percent from March the Department of Trade and Industry said in a provisional report
MOREHOUSE COLLEGE in Atlanta was founded by the American Baptist Home Mission Society now known as the Board of National Ministries American Baptist Churches U. S. A.
Its distinctive frontpage collage developed when the newspaper first opened as Khao Phap News and Pictures in nineteen forty nine proved enormously successful and has been copied by most other Thai dailies
This book was published first in the U. S. because of the paper shortage in England during World War two
Moreover a good many managers thinned from the corporate ranks have started up businesses of their own or in some cases have taken over a former division of a corporate giant by means of a leveraged buyout
The brand new park is stuck off in a working class neighborhood well away from the monumental center of this Mediterranean port
It should give pleasure even to those who are not particularly fond of Mr. Lichtenstein's paintings
According to the filing Midwest Bank Fund bought its stock in the Chicago based bank holding company for investment purposes and may buy or sell additional stock depending on market and other factors
Despite official denials the governments of the Arab Gulf countries have sometimes been slow to pay contractors and businessmen in the area such as these investors have been under increasing pressure to liquidate foreign investments to boost their local businesses
When conflicts between the board and Mr. Sherman escalated he resigned in February and said he would attempt to acquire Church's with a group of investors which included Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Incorporated Citicorp Capital Investors Limited and C. Stephen Lynn president and chief executive officer of Sonic Industries Incorporated a closely held fast food chain based in Oklahoma City
They said the real gross national product the inflation adjusted value of the nation's total output of goods and services is expected to expand two point nine percent this year and next measured from the fourth quarter to fourth quarter
Kent Electronics Corporation nine hundred thousand common shares
Limited shares closed yesterday at forty dollars unchanged in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
World Airways said it completed its previously announced thirty million dollar sale of a Boeing Company seven forty seven two seventy three airplane to Evergreen International Airlines McMinnville Oregon
While the firm has been active in underwriting transactions for large high technology companies like Control Data Corporation it plans to be more aggressive in the financing of medium sized companies and selectively of smaller companies
It has persecuted the more than two million Hungarians the largest ethnic minority in Europe outside the Soviet Union with a concerted drive on native tongue schooling publishing theater historical archives and even birth and death registries
They're the ones who should be the primary teachers of sexuality and human relations to the children of this country
Activity in the past two weeks during which auction rooms were packed especially at fashionable evening sales indicates that the boom is still alive
Ever since it flirted with bankruptcy about a decade ago New York City has been on a roll and the price of its real estate has soared to giddy levels
In national over the counter trading yesterday GranTree closed at six dollars and twenty five cents unchanged
Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective Geneva
Pearson whose interests include Royal Doulton china Penguin books the Financial Times and interests in the Lazard investment banks didn't give the price of the transaction but the four point nine percent holding has an indicated value of about one hundred four million dollar based on current share prices
That effort may be even tougher now with Gary Hart out of the race and with the support of half the Democratic voters up for grabs
Harvey Freese of Freese Notis Weather Incorporated in Des Moines Iowa noted It rained on LaSalle Street where the C. B. O. T. sits
The company has about three point three million common shares and equivalents outstanding
John Weithers Midwest chairman said the relationship between the two exchanges may lead to further systems development and possibly to cooperation in trading clearing and depository activities
Officials of I. C. E. E. an Anaheim California based marketer of semi frozen beverages couldn't be reached for comment
Such delicate humor was lost on the real life residents of Hamtramck some five hundred of whom called Mayor Robert Kozaren on Friday to complain
If completed the acquisition of Harcourt would bring Mr. Maxwell a big step closer to his announced goal of building a world wide communications empire
Down the road from her house in a main square dominated by a statue of Argentine military hero Jose de San Martin local farmers are seated in a bustling cafe
The Saint Louis based company has said the disputed charges were legitimate and resulted from changes ordered by the government or other unexpected cost increases
Interest won't accrue after January first nineteen eighty eight the company said
The April figure followed increases of zero point four percent in March zero point three percent in February and zero point two percent in January
And she repeated a Jewish saying heard frequently on her show A lesson taught with humor is a lesson retained
The bonds indicated a coupon of six and one half percent to seven percent at par and will be convertible into shares of the parent at a premium indicated at twenty percent to twenty five percent
So often the latest fad in business ethics concerns how the businessman deals with the hoops the politicians set for him to jump through
It's a nice irony proving that if you live by the sword it may not be for long
Still Mr. Post's method had a fatal flaw and the flaw was eventually detected by a Manufacturers Hanover computer that gunned him down just before nine p. m. last October twenty first
Britain last week substantially endorsed the U. S. stance in Geneva
Bulging inventories overhang such markets as wheat and corn for example
The coalition ended May twelfth says Mr. Aquino referring to the day after the election
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration taking its first major step toward ending its heavy reliance on the space shuttle as a launch vehicle said it planned to launch five satellites and space probes by unmanned rockets by nineteen ninety two
Unions have campaigned in recent months to persuade the Democrat controlled Congress to enact a raft of labor oriented bills and the plant closings measure is high on that list
M. I. T. I. also has advised one hundred fifty industry and trade associations to urge their members to comply strictly with export regulations
Mr. Rogers said the final size of the loss depends on the course that interest rates take
It handles six thousand informational calls a month
He is referring to middle class heterosexuals
They can offer a smoother ride than stocks in troubled times because the intrinsic value of the interest payments props up the bond when the price of the company's stock drops
Aside from delays the Department of Transportation filings also shed light on cancellations
But even without the Bakkers the evangelists were being swallowed by their own success
But R. Scott Madison chairman of Businesses of Hunters Point Shipyard says the government is very reluctant to do anything on our behalf
Long term Treasury bonds were quoted late Friday at about eight point nine two percent
Philip Morris bought General Foods in nineteen eighty five after a correction he says
While accelerating inflation increases pressure on the Fed to tighten credit the weakness in industrial output provides a reminder of the risks such a move would entail for the economy
As part of their efforts to prop up the dollar the banks poured nearly thirty billion dollars into U. S. Treasury securities and other dollar investments an amount roughly equal to America's trade deficit
OPEC is approaching its midyear conference with hopes of further increasing its revenue either by raising crude prices or boosting production
Among other things Saudi Arabia OPEC's largest oil exporter appears to have convinced a skeptical world community of oil traders and oil industry executives who had questioned its ability to play the role of OPEC's swing producer adjusting Saudi output according to world demand in order to stabilize prices
The Pentagon said a Navy guided missile frigate the U. S. S. Stark was hit in the Persian Gulf by a missile fired from an Iraqi aircraft
The New York and American stock exchanges also are studying the question
However by granting the requests the Fed would further blur the demarcation between the businesses of commercial and investment banking
In addition the recent resignation of Finance Minister Dilson Funaro amid the failure of the once heralded Cruzado Plan has led to political turmoil within the dominant Brazilian Democratic Movement P. M. D. B. rumors circulate that President Jose Sarney will resign
The maker of electronic parts and controls said holders of nine percent of its five point six million dollars outstanding of the senior notes and thirty three percent of its seven hundred fifty three thousand dollars outstanding of the debentures tendered securities under the offer which expired Wednesday
No MISL team has played this note more successfully than Dallas with the engaging Tatu as its cymbal
Though set in a provincial town the play is decidedly an urban affair but Ms. Trevis and her designer Pamela Howard have given it a rustic setting of open fields with bales of hay
The result was up to scratch a broker said and the stock rose five to five hundred twenty six
Formica Corporation formed by a management group in a two hundred million dollar leveraged buyout two years ago plans to raise eighty four million dollars or more through a stock offering
Since nineteen seventy four Portugal has completed a transformation whose final result is its political economic and strategic integration in Europe says Philippe Moreau Defarges European affairs analyst at the French Institute for Foreign Relations
American companies which formerly would barely break even or lose money in trying to compete against Japanese products here now can cut prices to attract Japanese consumers and still keep profit margins healthy
This simply is unworkable and probably unconstitutional as well wrote Mr. Rostenkowski
The planners arrange everything from travel and lodging to speakers and recreational activities to the kind of coffee served at late night sessions
Venezuela and Colombia are best positioned for that
Or he might raise additional financing through a bank loan another investor or a debt or equity offering
I brought the accounting work in house he says
The company declared an interim dividend of seven point five cents a share
A Japanese company ended up with the project
On the downside according to the Corporation for Enterprise Development is its labor pool's relatively low educational level among other things
Arguing that the U. S. should make maximum use of that leverage he said I don't see why we should give up on a better proposal because at one time we discussed something else
He quit his post as chief operating officer and he wanted to take his twenty thousand dollar investment with him
Mrs. Costello says she is looking forward to the flexibility that a family business will offer when she has children
But hiring a lawyer can be a daunting task
And when the money is received by the owner it is subject to taxation again as personal income
Like the unions many major corporations have their own lobbyists and retain influential Washington law firms to watch out for their interests
Watching from a safe distance is consultant Tom Dolembo who feels both men are investing the truck with unfulfilled dreams
As previously reported Dome's common and preferred shareholders would receive about five hundred fifty million dollars in Amoco securities
The order marks the first time that Northwest a unit of Saint Paul Minnesota based N. W. A. Incorporated hasn't purchased its airplane engines from Hartford Connecticut based United Technologies Corporation's Pratt and Whitney unit a company spokesman said
Such suitors failed to surface and the company said it didn't know why its stock was climbing in heavy trading
Movie industry executives agree it is unlikely they would go into colorizing on their own
A drop in oil imports contributed to the slowing of import growth in March
He was randomly assigned to the Wall Street case after the defendants pleaded innocent at their arraignments in April
In addition the suit charges that the state's Department of Food and Agriculture hasn't pursued an alternative under the law by which it can obtain independent studies and force the industry to pay for them
British Petroleum moved up two and three quarters to seventy one and seven eighths the company reported higher quarterly earnings
Still some of the banks say the C. D. campaigns are drawing in new money from money market mutual funds as well as from lower rate C. D.s and other low rate bank accounts
Many of the victims of the Dupont Plaza fire were hotel employees
We believe that the staff's recommendations will be rejected Mr. Golub said
Midwest executives say too that at the annual railroad engineers convention held recently in Chicago hundreds of guests muscled their way to the company's booth to talk steel rail and watch Mrs. Selin again attired in a bathing suit flex and give exercise tips
Mr. Cathcart who has no previous Wall Street experience has been a G. E. director for fifteen years
There's no question the inflation outlook right now is looking more ominous but we appear to have turned the corner on the trade deficit front said Donald Ratajczak director of the Georgia State University Economic Forecasting Project
Colonel North Mr. Owen said recommended that the Contras pass up a chance to buy Soviet made S. A. seven anti aircraft missiles through General Singlaub and said he was trying to locate British made Blowpipe missiles instead
Representative Wright who was about to become speaker of the House suggested that he and Senator Byrd the incoming Senate majority leader respond together to the president's coming State of the Union speech
Even Donna Pope the Mint's director says of the high premiums particularly on the nineteen eighty six issue If people pay those prices frankly I think they may be making a mistake
We make arrangements to will a Jaguar a mutual fund a place on the lake but we don't will our kids
The entire measure identical to one the Senate passed in March was approved by a voice vote
Without information our tax authorities cannot differentiate between those transactions that are mere paper devices and those imbued with real business purpose that should be respected for tax purposes
Out of sight and out of control could well be the epitaph for both
The company seeks to pay off about two hundred seventy seven million dollars in debt related to the three hundred million dollar purchase from Kidde and about twenty five million dollars in other debt
Our research found that most consumers still associate the stag with the Hartford despite its absence says John Daly director of creative communications
General merchandise sales fell zero point five percent in April after a one point seven percent drop in March
The ministers said support for farmers' incomes should be provided directly by governments rather than through artificially supported prices
Trade pressures have grown in Washington
Five boosted labor costs above levels that would have been likely under a more normal collective bargaining process
The withdrawal of the sales tax is proof that Nakasone's political influence is on the decline said Mitsuru Uchida a political science professor at Tokyo's Waseda University
AMERICAN HOME SHIELD CORPORATION said it sold one million seven hundred fifty thousand newly issued common shares for seven dollars and fifty cents each
President Reagan's denials that he solicited contributions may be true but the more correct response is so what if I did
Banks generally have considerably reduced their export financing capabilities and marketing efforts says George Cashman the vice president responsible for trade finance at Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
But grain and cotton production has slipped as farmers switched to more profitable crops and irrigation systems have deteriorated as farmers spent their money on new homes washing machines and color television sets
Sales climbed twenty two percent to three hundred sixty nine point four million dollars from three hundred two point two million dollars
U. S. District Judge Robert Merhige Junior ruled that General Services Corporation violated the Fair Housing Act's provision against advertising that indicates a preference based on race
In the most telling recent example of the state of today's aircraft marketplace American in March convinced both Boeing and Airbus to agree to rent a plane arrangements that allow the airline a unit of A. M. R. Corporation to walk away from leases on fifteen and twenty five aircraft respectively with as little as thirty days' notice
That's a modest but safe projection said Mr. Vander Hyde
This is a way of freeing up electricity to sell elsewhere or use in producing aluminum he said
In the contemplated transaction all shareholders other than La Cadena and Craig would receive a price determined through negotiations with a committee of Stater independent directors the companies said
The bank's financial results have been hurt by prepayments of loans resulting from earlier falling interest rates a Yankee spokesman said
Eventually the toddlers are retired
Seagate Technology soared two and three quarters to forty four as investors continued to react to an unconfirmed report that the company is to supply two new computer disc drive models to International Business Machines
The review of Equitable Life Leasing will look at any future support agreements between Dallas based Lomas and Nettleton and the leasing concern Moody's said
The National Transportation Safety Board citing safety problems in the air traffic control system urged the Federal Aviation Administration to reduce or freeze the number of flights permitted at the nation's busiest airports during peak hours
While insisting the president never asked him to do anything illegal Mr. McFarlane said he subscribed to a stricter view of the law than Mr. Reagan regarding what the administration could do to assist the Contras
And while the I. N. S. estimates that one point nine million to three point nine million illegal residents will apply for amnesty many aren't expected to because key family members won't qualify
It was the lowest closing stock price since Centerior was formed
In their letter demanding Mr. Shamir's resignation the Labor leaders said that because he was ready to squander one of the rare opportunities in Israel's history when possibly peace could be achieved he was not fit to govern Israel
Utilities Investment said that if its proposal isn't accepted by five p. m. today it will take appropriate steps to present a proposal directly to Pennsylvania Enterprises' shareholders and take such other action as we determine to be appropriate
The charges against three arbitragers with ties to two of Wall Street's most prestigious firms may have stunned Wall Street more than any other charges in the recent insider trading scandal had
The agreement ended a dispute that had threatened financing for the project and Eurotunnel said it indicated the two railways' confidence in the success of the project
But party divisions come to the surface
It was a malignant cancer
In January after more sanctions the I. R. S. conceded that it owed the Hills a refund of three hundred seventeen dollars
He rose from a job in social work administration to become head of the New Deal flagship agency the Federal Emergency Relief Administration
On the other hand they must be careful not to overtax resident businesses and households nor to allow their total tax burdens to get out of line with those in neighboring or competing states
Finally Merrill late in the year announced it was going to include Merrill Lynch Realty in a master limited partnership an investment vehicle that trades like a stock but has the advantage of paying no corporate taxes
But the flare up has heaped more pressure on his government and given the Free National Movement or FNM the opposition party mainly made up of former Pindling backers from the black middle class its first real crack at unhorsing the charismatic leader
Mr. Heinzel described himself as a family friend
That kind of approach is far more likely to promote a peaceful solution to South Africa's racial strife than further moral posturing
The gamekeeper whose love for Giselle precipitates the tragic action is dressed in silks
For fiscal nineteen eighty nine the company expects the venture to produce about ten million dollars in revenue
Since last summer Home Shopping has been buying independent U. H. F. stations in major markets and it plans to acquire a total of fourteen and become the largest T. V. station owner in the country
This is still a very nervous market says David F. DeLucia a partner at Goldman Sachs and Company
Business Men's said the rights can be exercised only under certain conditions such as when an individual or group acquires at least twenty percent of its common or announces a tender or exchange offer that could result in acquiring thirty percent of the common
Any chance of a quick settlement of the nineteen eighty five court judgment speculation that has also helped to propel Texaco's shares higher wasn't apparent in the remarks of the Texaco executives
A metric ton is about two thousand two hundred four pounds
He overpaid people and there was the promise of riches to come
T. Don Stacy president of Amoco Canada said in the statement that his company will now be able to discuss details of the offer with Dome's lenders and the government something we could not do except in a general way until now
According to people present at the time Shearson President Jeffrey Lane got on the squawk box to the firm's sales force late Monday to say that the price drop had been unexpected
Nevertheless in a report released late Monday the Agriculture Department projected a Soviet grain crop of about one hundred ninety five million metric tons this year about average by historical standards but well below the two hundred ten million metric tons the Soviets harvested last year
AIDS may be the biggest issue in nineteen eighty eight even if the subject doesn't come up in a debate says Mr. Stark of Harvard
Australian entrepreneur Kerry Packer still may own the Netherlands Antilles concern Connor Maloney an international stock analyst at Kleinwort Grieveson Securities indicated
If it runs until November sixteenth in Boston where it has so far played seven years it will beat the record of Life With Father Broadway's longest running non musical with two thousand three hundred twenty four performances
Burlington shares closed yesterday at sixty six dollars the same as on Monday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Know the Ingredients Behind the Brand
The Council of Economic Advisers is studying the idea at the behest of Treasury Secretary James Baker the sources said
The one year rate for ChemPlus C. D. will rise to seven point three percent from seven point two five percent
They've not yet scratched the surface of profitability he said
Moreover in January when the Semiconductor Industry Association presented an early version of its consortium proposal to the White House Science Council William R. Graham the president's science adviser grilled industry representatives on their data according to a participant in the meeting
Ford said it is extending to June eighth the deadline for the programs most of which originally were scheduled to end May ninth
The area the Ness Field has estimated recoverable reserves of about twenty five million barrels and will initially produce twenty thousand barrels a day the company said
The professor concludes We could have thirty straight years of Tory rule
While the issue generated strong interest in East Asia demand in Europe was less intense than it might have been for such a well known U. S. corporation according to syndication officials at other houses
It also could propose barring outside advisers acting for companies they suspect may violate the takeover panel's rules
B. A. IT Industries rose eight to five hundred forty five Jaguar moved up seven to five hundred seventy G. K. N. advanced twelve to three hundred twenty four G. E. C. gained six to two hundred twenty five and British Aerospace rose twelve to six hundred sixty one
Surely Japan has sovereign rights to its own targets for growth and inflation and its own independent assessment of the macroeconomic policies required to attain those targets
Alexandr Baranov editor in chief of Socialist Industry fielded the question but passed up the opportunity to attribute visionary concepts to the general secretary
Now at thirty six years old and with twelve years in the movie business he is the chairman of motion pictures and television for Walt Disney Company Insiders call him the most brutal the stingiest most compulsive and possibly the best deal maker in town
Representatives of eight banks were expected to set a new exchange rate yesterday for certain transactions involving the Egyptian pound that would represent a thirty seven percent devaluation of the currency against the U. S. dollar
Mr. Verges says he was deeply scarred by the treatment of nonwhites in a colonial society
Alexander Holtzman currently vice president and general counsel of Philip Morris U. S. A. was named vice president and associate general counsel of the parent a tobacco and food company
The Canadian government said it will offer eight hundred seventy five million dollars Canadian of bonds in two issues today
I wish he told C. B. S. with clairvoyant hindsight that I had known that we were trading arms for hostages
EARLY RETIREMENTS continue as some companies retrench further
You're not likely to see any more stand alone characters started from scratch like The Flintstones
The Dow Jones Transportation and Utility averages also gave up early gains to plunge lower at the close
Goodbye Mrs. Murphy I thought to myself
Mr. Cooper immediately increased the pace at which he had been cutting Bank of America's payroll effectively reducing the staff of the entire company by about ten thousand people
The panel reviewed data and concluded the effectiveness of the device cannot be established said Nirmal K. Mishra an F. D. A. official who serves as secretary to the advisory panel
Hayden and Garson couldn't be reached for comment
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Baxter closed yesterday at twenty three dollars and fifty cents down one point three seven five dollars
Concerns over insulation safety are also fueling a war between makers of competing products
The men were charged in October in a one thousand four count indictment with avoiding payment of fifty five million dollars in state and federal taxes on gasoline by making phony tax documents
KLAUS BARBIE WENT on trial in Lyon France on charges of Nazi war crimes
Defense attorneys suggested they oppose a delay
The enemies are the Nicaraguan communists and the ayatollah and no amount of hearings will topple either
Representative Boland You have any confusion at all with respect to the Boland amendment
Last year for example Magee Womens Hospital in Pittsburgh opened Mothers Work a dress shop and mail order catalog for pregnant executives
Mr. Griffith will remain chairman until June first when Mr. Brown will assume that position as well
When the Journal confines its editorials to business and world events it excels
The product is an offshoot of an effort to determine which fats might be easily digested by premature infants
Mr. Hicks is an economist and a resident of Hong Kong
Once again Western aid may do more to prop up a repressive regime than feed the suffering
According to the Independent the investigation was instigated by the notorious James Angleton then chief of the Central Intelligence Agency's counterintelligence branch
Most have a feature known as negative amortization that could reduce the borrowers' equity in his or her house
It's back to the good old days of rate wars says Thomas Conlin vice president for marketing services at Manufacturers Hanover Corporation's Manufacturers Hanover unit which last week boosted its rate for a one year C. D. to seven point two five percent from five point seven five percent
She still is making trouble
Mr. Carson said I felt I owed Mr. Diller Barry Diller of Fox Broadcasting one
Reebok International Limited said its Rockport Company subsidiary acquired closely held Frye Company a maker of boots and hand sewn shoes
Says a Baltimore social worker herself a grandmother I hear so many of my friends saying they really have their own lives to lead and don't want to become glorified baby sitters
The Federal Reserve Board has limited flexibility to deal with factors leading to the rise of these expectations Mr. Gross says
The tourism industry earned three hundred eighty million dollars in the quarter up forty six percent
Government officials from twenty four leading industrialized countries will be told this week that they risk endangering the world's economic recovery if they don't cooperate more in making policy
First Continental said it believed EastGroup's stake was held simply as an investment
He says mutual funds are subject to tremendous volatility and tremendous cash flows at awkward times as many investors tend to bail out at the bottom and buy at the top of cycles
And while the volume of U. S. farm exports is rising prices are so depressed that revenue is expected to stay flat this year at about twenty six billion dollars sixty five percent of peak levels a few years ago
Mr. Herrington's statement that twenty one Kuwaiti ships will register under the U. S. flag indicates the interest the U. S. has in securing the freedom of navigation in the gulf especially since U. S. dependence on oil from the region is expected to increase during the next few years
But delivery of that many stocks would be impractical
Edward W. Whittemore remains chairman and chief executive officer
Gains of some individual energy issues this year are even more impressive
Since the company put itself up for sale last year there have been conversations with Smith Barney and Mr. Moran and others Mr. Clark said
After the front runner for the Democratic presidential nomination pulled out of the race Friday in the wake of accusations he was a womanizer other contenders scrambled to win the staff contributors and support that the ex Colorado senator had amassed
The company produces power from non traditional sources in New York
Bell Canada is a unit of Bell Canada Enterprises Incorporated Montreal which has interests in telecommunications equipment manufacturing energy real estate and printing
Syria is the key to his efforts
Texaco Incorporated shares rose sharply as the stock fueled by rumors was the most actively traded on the New York Stock Exchange Friday
The Labor Department said that a drop in motor vehicle and motor vehicle equipment employment partly offset small gains elsewhere
Owens Corning's surge in earnings largely reflects an eighty three point one million dollar gain on the sale of major portions of its aerospace and strategic materials group
Though cautious officials note higher shipments amid indications that capital spending could pick up
Locals call the place Big John
According to an analysis by Molly McUsic recently published by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston the level of Japanese manufacturing productivity in nineteen eighty four was only ninety three percent of that in the U. S. West German productivity was only ninety percent that of the U. S.
He carries it everywhere says Ronald McArthur the president of Thomas Aquinas College in Santa Paula California who had asked Mr. Grace to help Mother Teresa
But Mr. John balked
Three blocks away by Borough Hall a somewhat older bronze gentleman sits bolt upright on a stone bench reading a newspaper. It is alas not the Journal but the New York Times and the headline says Nixon Resigns
Now Jay S. Stein an M. C. A. vice president claims a mysterious Disney intermediary offered to back down from the Burbank project which will compete with Universal's nearby Studio Tour complex if M. C. A. would drop its much delayed Studio Tour clone near Walt Disney World in Florida
If import prices or energy costs or any other factor temporarily pushed inflation even higher the Fed's rule of aiming the money supply at a six percent nominal G. N. P. growth would automatically imply even higher interest rates and therefore slower real growth and a more forceful check on inflation
On the other hand thrifts now experiencing troubles face the possibility that future changes in interest rates and inflation will be less favorable for profitability than those of the recent past the report says
Participants get a color coded button and balloon
Data General Corporation named Ward D. MacKenzie to the new post of vice president value added reseller marketing and development
Since the two airlines' flight schedules were combined last October their common hubs in Minneapolis and Detroit have been beset by difficulties ranging from lost baggage to lengthy flight delays
While relatively small McCabe slash Gordon stood out in the staid Boston legal world
Before returning as president of Amoco Canada Mr. Stacy had several international positions with other Amoco units including vice president production for Central America and South America and coordinator of international oil and gas activities as vice president of production planning and operations for Amoco Production Company
Mr. Breen the magistrate agreed that there are grounds for the fear that Mr. Saunders might leave Britain
I. B. M. has really smoothed over relations with dealers in the last twelve months and the effect of that shouldn't be underestimated says Ed Anderson vice president marketing for the New York based Computer Factory Incorporated chain
This victory is going to come back to haunt the governor says Dexter Lehtinen a Republican state senator
However many of Dome's creditors which are owed about six point three billion dollars have voiced considerable opposition to the Amoco offer
The decline in assets of general purpose and broker dealer funds may reflect shifts of dollars into equity products in response to the improvement in stock prices and withdrawals to meet tax payments made just before April fifteenth said Alfred P. Johnson vice president and chief economist at the institute
Under the proposal Western Union's fully diluted common shares could increase to as many as one hundred eighty nine million
Japan's central bank yesterday continued its effort to push domestic interest rates down buying the equivalent of two point eight seven billion dollars in commercial bills on the Tokyo money market
They still want as much concessional lending as they can get but they realize that the bulk of new borrowing will have to come increasingly from commercial sources says an expert on China's financing
For example by missing all of its self prescribed deadlines for appropriations bills Congress is able to wrap all of the spending measures into one Brobdingnagian Continuing Resolution at the very end of the session and deposit it on the president's desk
He seemed to have the time Mr. Novelli said
Miffed by the pressure he was applying even jurors on his side told him to be quiet and sit down
It is far too soon to know whether career ladders will be effective in the long term
He also plans to develop or acquire other leagues and affiliated companies one possibility is a T. shirt maker
Dresser Industries gained one and one eighth to thirty and one half Baker Hughes rose one and one half to twenty two and one quarter and Halliburton added seven eighths to thirty seven and seven eighths
The U. A. E. has a daily quota of nine hundred two thousand barrels
But several other analysts contend the increase will be three hundred thousand or slightly higher and that this will jar the bond markets
Moto Photo Incorporated said it's interested in buying the retail division of Eastman Kodak Company's Fox Photo Incorporated
At the annual meeting earlier this week M. C. I. shareholders got their first glimpse of company life without Mr. McGowan
Robert Paul vice president and foreign exchange manager in New York for Bank of Boston said the reports caused a brief buying spurt that took the dollar above one point seven eight marks before activity slowed again
This spring he seemed to be accomplishing it
Lawyers by trade they are stage managers too in a political drama that features stolid military men and Mideast arms dealers alongside conservative fundraisers
Fear of these penalties and confusion about the law are causing some employers wittingly or unwittingly to discriminate against foreign domestics asserts Darlene Kalke executive director of the New York based Center for Immigrants Rights
The current findings might provide a crack in the wall to help us understand the causes of breast and other cancers Boston's Doctor Willett added
Norwegians had never seen a woman in these leadership roles before
Mr. De Benedetti who for sixty five days in nineteen eighty one and nineteen eighty two was vice chairman of the Milan bank isn't suspected of being an accessory to fraudulent bankruptcy
The proposal unveiled by the Farm Credit Corporation of America which sets policy for the Farm Credit System marks the largest request for federal aid to the system by any government agency
INTEGRATED RESOURCES INC.Moody's Investors Service Incorporated downgraded the company's senior subordinated debt to B. a. three from B. a. two because of the debt's subordination to new senior notes
Consumers invested about four point two billion dollars in the eighty five percent completed nuclear plant before it was mothballed in nineteen eighty four after cost overruns delays and opposition
She should try the same stunt some night in south Texas and see how much sympathy she gets from the local authorities
A lot depends on where you are says Eugene Mondry the president of Highland Superstores Incorporated a Michigan based chain
Under terms of the contract A. N. R. is required to buy a minimum amount of natural gas from the Coastal unit
My visitor sighed
And for the general audience Mr. Wilcox oversees the publication of handsome well footnoted booklets on a variety of creatures
Possible crimes in a matter of such public importance should not be reduced to plea bargains for unlikely offenses especially if bargaining a plea means not pursuing the possibility that the real crime was diverting funds intended for the contras
But after the U. S. government moved to overhaul its entire tax system Mr. Wilson said Canada would follow suit to keep its taxes competitive with those of the U. S.
The filing said Mr. Davis through a partnership including several family trusts acquired one hundred fifty thousand additional Spectradyne shares for five point nine million dollars or an average of thirty nine dollars and fifty five cents a share
The units were purchased by Dominion Securities Incorporated Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Incorporated Gordon Capital Corporation Burns Fry Limited and McLeod Young Weir Limited for resale to their clients
It isn't clear he can uphold vetoes of the most likely targets trade housing and supplemental spending bills
THE NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL expects to report this month that among common foods it recently studied fresh and processed tomatoes accounted for nearly fifteen percent of U. S. dietary exposure to suspected cancer causing pesticides said Charles Benbrook executive director of the Washington based research group's Board on Agriculture
Charles Bronfman co chairman of Seagram Company said the heirs to the Bronfman family distilling fortune have decided to dissolve their joint investment holding company but have vowed to retain the family's thirty eight point three percent stake in Seagram
Separately congressional investigators estimate that the Contras received only about three million dollars of the eleven point three million dollars raised by Mr. Channell's National Endowment for the Preservation of Liberty in nineteen eighty five and nineteen eighty six according to individuals familiar with the investigation
Carolina Securities Corporation a Raleigh N. C. brokerage firm that last week advised clients to sell about a third of their Burlington shares because of the risk that Edelman Dominion's earlier sixty dollar a share offer wouldn't be successful yesterday advised clients to sell an additional third of their holdings because of doubts about the sixty seven dollar a share tender offer
But the consensus was still that there were very few retail customers either Japanese or American to buy the ten year bonds
Aren't small employers exempt
He cited a strong economy with inflation currently expected to be around three point five percent this year lower than the current U. S. level relatively high British interest rates which attract international investors strengthening oil prices which boost income from Britain's large North Sea oil holdings and the prospect of a reelection victory for Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's Conservative Party government as early as next month
Still some Hutton executives wondered whether the decision not to immediately name Mr. Rittereiser chairman is an indication that he still doesn't have the complete mandate of the board
In response to questioning the Colorado Democrat said that four movements through his front door all in broad daylight went undetected by the surveillance team from the Miami Herald
Maxicare fell seven eighths to ten and three quarters with more than two point four million shares changing hands in the over the counter market
An Inspiration Resources Corporation unit said it sold a forty percent interest in a Canadian high grade nickel ore discovery for a price that could eventually reach an estimated thirty two point six million dollars Canadian
It is a quality company with quality assets
In Stellenbosch the university town where many professors have turned their back on the government the independent candidate Esther Lategan lost to her National Party opponent by one thousand seven hundred votes
As a result only three Republicans joined the fifty three Democratic senators present in voting for the Chiles plan
The other players led by Alan Rickman as the vicomte also perform with flair
Intercourse changes people she argues so that they are often lost to each other and slowly they are lost to human hope
It was like a divorce where you still love your wife he says
Advertising volume rose in six of the nine regions of the country led by a seven point five percent increase in the South Atlantic region which extends from Washington D. C. south to Florida
Northern Telecom is a Nashville Tennessee unit of Northern Telecom Limited the Mississauga Ontario telecommunications equipment maker which in turn is a subsidiary of Bell Canada Enterprises Incorporated Montreal
Last week the borough assembly on the Kenai Peninsula near here cut next year's school budget seven point four million dollars
As previously reported the company posted first quarter net income of eight point five million dollars or one dollar and forty three cents a share which included a loss from continuing operations of two point five million dollars and earnings from discontinued operations of eleven million dollars
On a nearby pond seagulls splash in the sun speckled water
The company posted its record profit in nineteen eighty four with twenty four point six million dollars or two dollars and forty six cents a share
Now the firm is trying to smooth out its management and staff woes
Nor would they cover long term care at home such as nursing and adult day care services
For the year ended November twenty ninth the company had a loss of one point nine million dollars on sales of forty eight point four million dollars
Mr. Edelman as previously reported agreed to a three year standstill agreement restricting his holdings to less than five percent in both Lucky and Hancock
In rare instances in the past he said trading has been delayed for a few minutes because trade checking from one session couldn't be completed by the start of the next day's session
Browning Ferris sold its Burlington operation in nineteen eighty five he added the suit was filed in nineteen eighty four
MCorp noted that managment recommended proposals to increase directors' protection against lawsuits won the overwhelming majority of shares represented
A Nigerian awaiting an application in Houston said he legally entered the U. S. on a three week visitors' visa seven years ago but has been afraid even to step out of here and risk not regaining entry
He asserted that he hadn't profited from the airlift and that he never collected several hundred thousand dollars in commissions earned on earlier arms sales to the Contras
Lenders were asking on average a ten point four seven percent interest rate on thirty year conventional fixed rate mortgages according to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
New tax law provisions are likely to accelerate the trend
This man is running for president of the United States and the question of his womanizing had become an issue Mr. Savage said in a telephone interview
To meet the sixty percent increase in demand over the nine year period since then the airlines added hundreds of new destinations and thousands of flights
The British Treasury said that changes in the reserves don't necessarily reflect the Bank of England's level of intervention
In London trading was quiet with the Financial Times thirty share index ending unchanged at one thousand six hundred twenty six point nine
Part of the loans for the projects will be used to import advanced equipment said the unnamed official quoted in the English language newspaper
That suggested that gold was benefiting from growing investor interest analysts said
We have reorganized and reshaped our individual companies
It ranged yesterday between one thousand two hundred eighty three point three seven and one thousand two hundred ninety four point five four
M. C. I. COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION Washington said shareholders at its annual meeting approved an amendment to the company's certificate of incoporation that limits the personal liability of directors as allowed under Delaware law
Where once interior designers may have been regarded as consultants to architects most now see themselves as independent professionals
He said Dominion doesn't believe Burlington seriously is considering a counter offer for control of Dominion
Or at least I hope so
The Los Angeles Times says it balks at giving out even a good recommendation because of the potential liability
Consolidated losses from current operations totaled six hundred five point eight million dollars last year smaller than losses of one point oh four billion dollars in nineteen eighty five
There was nothing so fine in recent decades as the letters of Flannery O'Connor published in nineteen seventy nine as The Habit of Being
General Signal said the sale of the unit which makes time and attendance and parking control equipment is part of a previously announced restructuring plan for the company a maker of instrumentation and control technology for the semiconductor telecommunications automation and other industries
It's actually a waste of time to debate the merits of each case because under our current tort system it really doesn't matter who was wrong or responsible for the injury
At the end of the nineteen seventies some five thousand more people were moving to Colorado from California each year than were leaving Colorado for California
The FMMIA should have similar requirements Physicians covered by the agency's insurance should be required to have their patients sign an agreement stating they will accept first arbitration and second federal court jurisdiction
Public attitudes on ties with the U. S. remain volatile
Officials of First Capital declined to elaborate on the statement except to say that the extension is for a very limited amount of time that the company wouldn't specify
Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated is the dealer manager for the transaction
That vision has led Mr. Cook a forty seven year old distributor of car repair manuals to become one of the world's foremost collectors of cereal boxes
Sources close to the investigation have said it's uncertain who the eventual targets may be
General manager of the Hawks since nineteen seventy nine Mr. Kasten helped transform that team into one of the most talented and entertaining in basketball
Laidlaw a school bus operator and waste management concern reported revenue of seven hundred seventeen point nine million dollars for the year ended August thirty first
The Eagle program has in effect put the government's stamp of approval on owning gold some analysts say
The Bundesbank's president Karl Otto Poehl is believed to advocate the cut but so far hasn't been able to convince a majority of the central bank council's seventeen other members to support the proposal
In the Gates case for example the crook broke the rules of our society about hurting each other but the bank broke rules about protecting people from known risks contends John Lobur the family's attorney
The rating concern added that improvement was unlikely unless the trust finds several large tenants for its problem properties
She bursts into giggles
It makes everyone stop and think Is there one more chance here to work things out rather than going to court says Gale Cameron an official with the Farm Credit System's Omaha district
Others came for jobs only to find an unemployment rate of about fifty percent
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading International Controls stock closed at thirty nine point eight seven five dollars a share up five point three seven five dollars
Thailand's trade deficit narrowed to the equivalent of three hundred fifty four point five million dollars last year from two point two five billion dollars in nineteen eighty five the biggest contraction in the past ten years the Commerce Ministry said
In when issued trading the new three year Treasury notes to be auctioned today were quoted late yesterday at seven point eight seven percent
The report said that there are plenty of other developers who would pay about thirty five million dollars for the site but that such developers probably would create a shopping center similar to others in the suburban San Fernando Valley area
Industrial and energy products now represent only five percent of corporate sales
In a speech in Washington Mr. Smart said the Japanese leader brought to the talks a smaller grab bag of goodies than some expected of him
In his previous outings he had consistently challenged for the lead but hung when victory was in sight
The Indian government for example felt compelled by the domestic pressure of some sixty million Indian Tamils to offer support in the guise of training and weapons for self defense
Revenue for the quarter shrank fifty five percent to seventy six point two million dollars from one hundred sixty seven point six million dollars
They also are the eyes and ears of the judges who used to select their own trustees before Congress created the U. S. trustee program in nineteen seventy eight
The collection was brought to the U. S. from Holland before World War two
Mr. Walsh's closest business associate is his thirty seven year old brother Norbert
The rating concern cited a big buildup in problem loans at the bank holding company
On Tuesday the Senate Democrats desperate to make their budget hit the magic one hundred eight billion dollars number abandoned their own Congressional Budget Office and adopted the economic assumptions in the president's budget which they had hooted at and ridiculed
Besides insisting on the lower two point five percent benchmark the association said big institutions will demand that U. K. companies widen their definition of equity capital to include warrants or any other form of issue carrying equity rights
The facilities also will allow the paper to print more color
If the partnership failed to make the required monthly payments a foreclosure sale would be held Mr. Kikol said
Discussions had already begun with the venerable London based Egypt Exploration Society on joint excavation efforts to help save the site of ancient Memphis from a rising water table and monument eroding soil salinization
Also in the nineteen twenties Britain was the first major country to slide into recession due to an overvalued exchange rate in nineteen thirty one it devalued its way back into a recovery by abandoning the gold standard while continental Europe and the U. S. remained wedded to monetary orthodoxy
They all had pretentions either to be the new minister or to dictate who should have the job
He intends to offer similar plans on the national level during his presidential campaign
Other bonds issued by the state authority aren't affected
At least twenty more companies will soon get the letters the agency said
Many thrift executives are indignant that undercapitalized savings and loans have been allowed by regulators to speculate on mortgage securities
V. R. Business Brokers Incorporated said it agreed to sell a controlling interest in the company to V. R. Acquisition Corporation a newly formed investment group led by C. Robin Relph of London
Under him I. T. T. was selling subsidiaries and had cut its dividend largely to raise money to pour into telecommunications
The official creditors committee isn't expected to file a plan of its own
The controversial trade retaliation amendment sponsored by Representative Richard Gephardt passed the House by a razor thin margin as lawmakers continued work on sweeping trade legislation
Should it only get a royalty fee for Kodak's use of its patents
Five years of record stock market growth make investors more willing to accept risk
Technology stocks led the market advance as they did Tuesday
That would follow a two point two billion dollar increase the previous week in M. one which consists of checking deposits plus cash held by the public
But the president's comment did little except perhaps to slow the dollar's descent
Samuel Montagu and Company bought thirteen point four million shares of financial information company Extel or twenty six point three percent of its share capital for about sixty four million pounds
However the bank holding companies' ability to exercise their new authorities could be delayed by legislation being considered by Congress
Few consumers hold companies to their lifetime guarantees especially if products put in enough years of useful service
Ingersoll Rand Company said it plans to acquire Beebe International Incorporated a Seattle based manufacturer of oil drilling and construction machinery
The European consortium has found a new engine supplier for the A. three forty clearing the way for European governments to decide next month on funding for the aircraft project senior government officials said
Without a new strong West German policy the Federal Republic risks giving up more than it must in the cultural political and military spheres
In another Burlington Northern appeal the high court ruled unanimously that federal courts can't issue injunctions to stop a union engaged in a labor dispute with one railroad from extending its picketing to railroads that aren't involved in the dispute
The Bank Board estimates it would cost twenty three point five billion dollars to resolve the current problems of troubled thrifts
It sort of broke the ice between us
Deng is a supreme politician
The plant in which the gene was found is being kept secret for competitive reasons Mr. Hooper says
Besides they were married twenty five years ago
In its lawsuit in state court in Lexington Mississippi the family accuses the company of grossly negligent conduct to nullify the overwhelming medical evidence that cigarette smoking is addictive and causes lung cancer
With plans going badly awry organizers belatedly brought in Charlotte Tex Mailliard a wealthy widow renowned as a party thrower and the city's acting chief of protocol
As with other arbitrage transactions this system is highly vulnerable to exchange rate moves and other market conditions
While we have no reason to believe Bank of America wouldn't have ultimately been successful time was extremely important he said
The company has eighteen point nine million common shares outstanding
The F. A. A. late last year ordered replacement of pins in the turbine vane clusters of certain Pratt and Whitney J. T. nine D. engines with a similar problem the board said
Steel shipments reflecting minor production in February and March plunged to four hundred ninety six thousand tons from three million thirty seven thousand tons a year earlier
Cenergy a Dallas oil and gas concern declined to comment on the disclosures by Snyder an oil and gas master limited partnership
The congressional hearings are scheduled to begin next Tuesday and General Secord is expected to be one of the first witnesses
Reckless friendliness is a mistake you make only once
The Birmingham Michigan automotive parts maker said the measure is designed to protect stockholders against unsolicited attempts to acquire control of the company that don't maximize shareholders' value
For the next six minutes the video gives details about the nation's trade woes and then lays out how the controversial amendment sponsored by Representative Richard Gephardt D. Missouri will help the U. S. score in the international trade game
He said he expects the year as a whole to be a good one
Not long ago he required suppliers to provide Pathmark buyers with toll free numbers
Senate Democrats unable to reach budget deficit targets any other way resorted to President Reagan's optimistic budgetary and economic assumptions
Here in the midst of this depressed oil and agriculture town grins are spreading from ear to ear among a most unlikely group of company executives
Brazil's new finance minister is Luiz Carlos Bresser Pereira a pragmatic economist who is likely to seek a compromise in foreign debt negotiations and sharp cuts in the government's deficit
Winnebago Industries climbed seven eighths to twelve and one half
Investors in Boston look to him as a leader of opinion
But for long term investors who don't trade often which includes most individuals that may be unnecessarily expensive
Forty five miles south at the Oregon State Correctional Institution in Salem seventeen bunks have been jammed into what used to be a television room
The Sioux Falls S. D. meatpacking subsidiary of United Brands Company can appeal the citations to an OSHA review panel
Staggerlee at the Second Avenue
Light sweeps up from behind the east ridge then pours down over the cliff like liquid gold
If you took the four letter words out of this silly book it would run about one hundred fifty pages instead of two hundred fifteen
A spokeswoman for Guy de Wouters a Tractebel official said an announcement about the two companies' decision was expected by today
Representative Gephardt's staff talks instead of possibly using regulatory measures Mr. Hart's considers direct spending programs and Senator Biden's emphasizes the power of the president to encourage and bully business to change
In national over the counter trading yesterday Interand closed at six dollars and fifty cents unchanged
But he does see a gap between the governor's rhetoric and his actions
Still demand for OPEC oil is expected to be higher during much of the remainder of this year
But the Japanese will always lead by virtue of all the high volume consumer products they make that use lots of chips
That was one of the largest one day ranges since Shearson began the index in nineteen eighty one said a Shearson official
The Fed's action was interpreted by traders as an attempt by the central bank to tighten its credit grip and quell fears inflation will accelerate
Under the rights plan Burlington holders could in the event of a hostile takeover acquire shares in the surviving company at half the market price
Bond prices tracked the dollar too moving to steep early declines but rebounding in the afternoon
The charge resulted in a twenty two point one million dollar net loss for the year
Mr. Nakasone will also feel heat from Congress
Rothschild Incorporated is dealer manager for the offer the company said
The planned stock purchase is in addition to a previously reported authorization to buy as many as one million shares
It is part of an accelerating drive to transfer as much public lands as possible into private hands before the Reagan administration leaves office said Lisa Speer a senior scientist for the Natural Resources Defense Council
The Robinson family which founded Scholastic and controls fifty one percent of its Class A stock and seventeen percent of its common shares formed S. I. Holdings
Caesars World Incorporated said its board designated May sixth as the record date for shareholders eligible to vote on the company's proposed one billion dollar recapitalization plan
Ortega who spoke at the opening session of an eighty seven nation parley also called on Washington to end its support of Nicaragua's anti Sandinista rebels
Profit was twenty point two million dollars or fifty six cents a share compared with the year earlier eight point three million dollars or twenty seven cents a share
However Mr. Weitzel said Texaco won't be able to create such a plan until the Pennzoil case is resolved by settlement or through litigation
Chairman Lee A. Iacocca also said at a news conference that the company will change its executive bonus system tying the rewards more to long term performance and stock value than the current system which pays cash bonuses for the previous year's performance
Some Ford commercials use Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell's Ain't No Mountain High Enough
The company's proxy shows Teledyne and Argonaut insiders hold two point eight million or twenty three point eight percent of Argonaut's eleven point seven million shares
Earlier President Reagan had generated speculation about the administration's position on the value of the dollar
I believe that there are many nonprofit organizations not represented in the present study that deserve their social subsidies but that possibly even more do not
The latest move marks the second time Citizens has expanded outside Florida by acquiring an ailing thrift
Many heavily indebted countries Argentina Brazil Chile Mexico the Philippines have large Catholic populations whose bishops play leading roles in forming attitudes toward public policy
The First Boston unit Sunter Acquisition Corporation failed to receive the required two thirds majority of Allegheny's preferred and preference stock under the tender offer
Ivan Boesky David Levine and Martin Siegel seeking to understand the flaws in their characters that led to their behavior
They lost out on rising property values after selling their sites
As reported previously Burlington Northern has agreed to pay bondholders about thirty five point five million dollars including attorneys' fees and related costs
The evening was billed as Karatemania but that was a misnomer
The proliferation of home video recorders the multiplication of outlets renting recent movies cheap the addition of computerized phone services that for a fee plug in reasonably new movies on request most of them are mutts but you don't have to drive them back and the dogged refusal of the networks to admit even to themselves that their viewers are defecting All of these factors at least to me suggest that the premium cable services had better spruce up their offerings if they wish to retain their subscribers
As previously reported Japanese special envoy Shintaro Abe in Washington last week to lay the groundwork for Mr. Nakasone's visit said that Japan would be willing to increase its international lending
The conversation lasted twenty minutes and Merrill Lynch bought out my three year contract
Aside from contemplating lawsuits some national advertisers are said to be mulling the cancellation of commercials destined for the Florida market
Some of them such as the now famous letters of patronage issued by the Vatican bank are widely known
This was the secret strategy he says
The report also recommends that companies that change auditors or shift accounting principles disclose more about any disagreements with outside auditors
The Farm Credit Administration in a report on the financial outlook for the credit system also noted that some of the system's units soon may be unable to borrow more funds
Leading stock in the Major Market Index that are likely to be actively traded in the days preceding their ex dividend dates
Some agencies won't refund tickets at all others charge a penalty for changing the date or itinerary
Secret bank records turned over last week in Paris to House and Senate panels by Mr. Hakim show that he took large sums from the Iranian arms transactions the sources said
The one hundred ninetieth Street elevator cost one point one million dollars was installed nineteen months late in nineteen eighty five and broke down sixty seven times in its maiden year Mr. Dwyer reported
Peter Truell Contributed to this article
Earnings from oil products fell eighty six percent to eight million dollars from sixty one million dollars and earnings from chemical products declined forty four percent to forty million dollars from seventy two million dollars
Some within the administration are fretting that the G. O. P.'s prospects could be severely crippled in nineteen eighty eight if the president sticks to his present budget course
The Federal Aviation Administration ordered inspection of about five thousand small planes made by Piper Aircraft Corporation for possible cracking that could cause a wing to fall off
That was fine while there were fifty odd dealers
But the fact of the matter is that Congress is going to legislate on trade
The package also would empower the S. E. C. to seek civil penalties against investors who fail to make timely and accurate disclosures
The Farm Credit System is likely to have a one point four billion dollar loss this year and a total deficit of three point three billion dollars over the next three years the farm lender's regulatory agency said
Group insurance profit declined as a result of rising health care costs losses related to the development of alternative health care ventures and continued competition the company said
This was a trusted high level employee Mr. Giuliani said
And with a new fund around there's a natural buyer in the market
The scars of the election are still open he says
IN ANY CASE the factors occur in human bone only in tiny amounts
The results include the Distillers acquisition which was completed last April
How many socks must be taken out to ensure an exact match as to shade of color length design elastic fabric texture et cetera would be a better question
One of the May Nots for instance forbids talk about detentions
Similar cross pressures exist in air travel where there are increased efforts to curb airline delays but continued support for economic decontrol that has led to lower air fares
We have made a lot of mistakes but we have avoided a return to the instability of the inter war period
Mrs. Tresker reflected Muffy seemed like such a nice person
Some progress in cancer treatment has been made
By the same token because they are the beneficiaries of the present conditions it is useless to attempt to convert them to the cause of a freer trade and a freer society
The Senate Banking Committee is expected to pass a broader corporate takeover bill than a House panel
Alcan Aluminium Limited said it will decide this summer whether to resume construction of a proposed one billion dollars Canadian aluminum smelter at Laterriere Quebec
Resistance as well as some indifference does persist in some quarters
Disney attributed the group's performance to the effect of the television syndication last fall of a package of programs from the Disney T. V. library and a package of twenty five movies from its film library
However Doctor Betz's Champagne Diet sounds promising as does the Wild Weekend Diet and the Good Fat Diet
But fitness experts agree on these basic steps for toning and shaping flaccid muscles puny lungs or hardening arteries
This time all the luck in the world wouldn't have helped
Currently the drug is being tested on men in Japan
I have sworn off hamburgers ribs and reluctantly the Lone Star state's blue plate special chicken fried steak
Without special gains BankAmerica said non interest income rose eleven percent other income including fees from loan sales nearly tripled but bond and foreign exchange trading profits fell sharply
Finally I fled to a nearly deserted North Carolina beach and took stock
New reserach has found that vitamins C. and E. block the formation of nitrosamines
By studying scientific reports Doctor Gardner found that about thirty five percent of those who received the treatments soon died and that many of those who survived the therapy were quite ill for months before they too died from the disease
With I. B. M.'s announcement earlier this month of its second generation of personal computers however it has taken the initiative again in setting a standard for others to emulate in high performance machines designed around Intel microprocessors and Microsoft operating system software
Gradually your body feels very soothed she says
Now a ten year long National Heart Lung and Blood Institute study says Type A's are at no higher risk for heart disease than anyone else
One of them Alan Gauthier vice president finance of the U. S. operation said he had no inkling that anything was wrong before he was fired April sixteenth
Ideally it should be done with their guidance
Still Mr. Goldstein doesn't expect investors to run for the exits all at once
Moreover a batch of hollandaise had been prepared ahead of time that Sunday and although it initially was stored in the refrigerator it later was left sitting on a table under a skylight
There's one woman who's had a lot of difficult family problems and I had focused so much on these marital problems I didn't deal fully with her other concerns
Many researchers would agree with Stanford University biologist Philip C. Hanawalt who told a conference on aging not long ago of his intuition and basic point of view that aging is controlled by genes and programmed into the developmental pattern of an organism
The agreement provides that even if fewer than six point three million Purolator shares about eighty three percent of shares outstanding are tendered under Emery's forty dollar a share offer the merger consideration will be adjusted so that Emery will still pay cash for the eighty three percent it sought in the offer
Cominco is seeking productivity gains in contract talks with its three thousand three hundred unionized employees at Trail and Kimberly British Columbia
Mr. Parry contended he didn't know his departure was the subject of the meeting with the half dozen directors until his arrival in New York
At Continental problems in the cockpit were evident during a meeting earlier this month between a group of pilots and the airline's top management
The Israeli government hasn't allowed Mr. Walsh or members of the presidentially appointed Tower Commission to interview Israeli citizens
To determine the initial price the government auctioned two hundred thousand shares in minimum lots of one hundred
Legg Mason's Mr. DeVoe has compiled what he calls the trivia index of forty five items ranging from a Baskin Robbins ice cream cone and a Brooks Brothers necktie to an X. rated greeting card and a Chinese takeout dinner of diced chicken with pine nuts
Some analysts contend that the dollar won't stabilize until the Federal Reserve acts to raise interest rates further here and until Japan's central bank lowers its rates
Many analysts however contended the report exaggerated the economy's underlying strength and masked sluggishness
There is no companion measure in the Senate but supporters said such a measure may be added as an amendment to a bill that would prohibit doctors from selling to their patients prescription drug samples that pharmaceutical companies give to the doctors
The payment was questioned by Mr. Boesky's auditors after Mr. Boesky could produce no documentation to support the payment
The bulk of L. T. V.'s improvement came from its L. T. V. Steel Company subsidiary whose operating profit increased to one hundred one point one million dollars from an operating loss of sixty point one million dollars a year ago
The latest quarter's profit equaled seventeen cents a share on seven hundred fifty two thousand more shares than were outstanding a year earlier
Greater Texas is to reopen North Central National's office today as a branch
G. W. W. Ewalt the former president of Dynalectric who was also convicted last week of mail fraud and bid rigging in connection with the Georgia project also reached a settlement agreement with federal officials
TransCanada a Toronto natural gas pipeline concern that has valued its bid at five point five billion dollars has said it is still interested in bidding for Dome
However the main error of the passage lies in your repeatedly expressed penchant for one man rule. You once compared Mr. Reagan with a king surrounded by evil lords as if the problem with kings is that they don't have enough power
Yamaichi misstated the percentage increase in its earnings yesterday
It fell from an anemic one percent in nineteen eighty five to an invisible zero point seven percent in nineteen eighty six
After landing the Maidenform assignment last fall Levine Huntley first developed a print ad showing drawings of Gloria Steinem and Anita Bryant alongside the headline No matter what kind of woman you are we'll support you
Pensions and Investment Age magazine reported last month that the C. E. O.s of Rockwell and G. T. E. have written to other companies' C. E. O.s to ask them to tell their pension managers to vote the shares they hold in Rockwell and G. T. E. with management
We got a lot of business because of it
In an interview with the official press last month the man who oversees Polish nuclear power development Jerzy Bijak acknowledged that the state was less inclined to build a reactor on a proposed site near Karolewo on the Vistula River because part of the local community refuses to accept this power plant
With protectionist sentiment rising in Washington administration officials are increasingly demanding action rather than mere words from Tokyo
In another major development Chubu Electric Power Company a Japanese utility selected U. B. S. to lead its two hundred eighty one million dollars of four and three quarters percent ten year Eurobonds
In announcing the nineteen eighty six results the company said it would pursue a two pronged strategy remain a major force in the nuclear power business by expanding its service activities and diversify within the next two years into non nuclear activities
Mr. Wall's supporters stressed his knowledge of the legislative process and of the problems facing the thrift industry
Users of the computer sometimes find themselves smoking when they don't want a cigarette and not smoking when they do
But Mr. Hellauer who has banned smoking at his Norristown Pennsylvania company says he didn't give his buddy the job in part because of his negative feelings about nicotine fingers and reeking clothes
In national over the counter trading yesterday Diasonics shares closed unchanged at three dollars
Dynalectron shares fell twenty five cents to fifteen point eight seven five dollars in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday
But Emanuel Fthenakis the company's chairman and chief executive officer said in an interview after the meeting that the employee group hasn't demonstrated that it can raise the necesssary cash to buy and operate the plant
Instead a U. S. unit could merely submit to the Commerce Department a copy of its recent S. E. C. filings
The use of bridge loans in which investment banking firms temporarily commit their own money to help complete acquisitions has become a fixture on Wall Street
They planned a two point seven million dollar ad campaign in German newspapers
Mr. Popejoy declined to estimate future loss provisions
Richard H. Ayers president of Stanley Works was named to the additional post of chief executive officer of the tool and hardware concern
He declined to comment however on what kinds of opportunities the company might seek
In joining Telematics Mr. Kramer will work with a team of former Digital managers who have been together almost five years and have made a conscious effort to maintain the old Digital culture he says
It wasn't immediately clear why Mr. Gould might have reduced Mr. Rattigan's authority
The officials couldn't give the exact percentage
The management shakeup in the wake of the investigation could slow Anheuser Busch's efforts to diversify led by Mr. Busch
Messrs.
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company a unit of J. P. Morgan and Company has been a member since the exchange was founded in February nineteen eighty six
The proposed guidelines address the obligation that banks now have to retain the same capital backing for all assets be they vault cash or loans to insolvent countries or corporations
Reagan's choice for Bank Board chairman is expected to be M. Danny Wall G. O. P. staff director of the Senate Banking panel an official said
When the company emerged from Chapter eleven last October it had forty one stores down from its peak of one hundred thirty two stores in nineteen eighty one
On some days this year that ratio has been ten to one or higher
But he acknowledged that Amoco could walk away from the deal if Dome's creditors reject the offer
Cheryl Russell Fear of AIDS May Re Create the Virtuous fifties editorial page March thirtieth states that fear of AIDS not the disease will transform our society if a cure is not found soon
The last variety show on network television starred another country singer Barbara Mandrell and ended in nineteen eighty two after two seasons
It may well be therefore that a wealthy country since its investment opportunities are particularly favorable turns out to be a net borrower while a poor country since its investment opportunities are even poorer ends up as a net lender
Equally novel is the behavior of wage costs in the U. S.
If the pain proves too much most firms will choose to stay single
And that worked
You should have seen them when they were just starting out she whispers
Order flow statistics from domestic companies released Tuesday also suggested the slump in the Japanese machine tool industry has bottomed out and is due for improvement
Similarly Whittle Communications designed Pet Care information centers and booklets for Ralston Purina Company that are in veterinarians' offices in the top one hundred cities and include booklets on such subjects as caring for an older dog with ads for Ralston's Fit and Trim food for older dogs
Chinese figures show Japan had a seven point seven two billion dollar trade surplus with China in nineteen eighty six selling goods valued at twelve point four six billion dollars while buying only four point seven four billion dollars worth
In the three network evening news race C. B. S. and N. B. C. tied each with a twelve rating and twenty two share
In its monthly budget statement the Treasury said that for the first six months of fiscal nineteen eighty seven which began last October first government receipts totaled three hundred eighty three point seven six billion dollars compared with three hundred fifty six point eight seven billion dollars the year before
Mr. Soros might consider buying more Fairchild stock either individually or through domestic entities he controls the filing added
If we talk about technicalities the prime minister can decide whether he wants to step down or not Doctor Mahathir said last week
Our major goal for this year is to increase profit margins he said
All these terms Mr. Bloom shows are part of the language of value relativism they bespeak a life of the American mind that consists of an un self conscious vulgarization of German philosophy particularly of the thought of Friedrich Nietzsche
But Mr. Williams's departure comes sooner than many had expected and triggers other developments at First Wachovia which with assets of eighteen point seven billion dollars at year's end was the nation's thirty first largest banking concern
Justice Byron White didn't participate in the case and offered no explanation for his absence
His latest tender offer expires June nineteenth
A. T. and T.'s General Business Systems is one of several units in A. T. and T. under pressure from the company's chairman James E. Olson to increase profits
Senator Edward Kennedy D. Massachusetts the new chairman of the Senate Labor Committee is pushing for tougher regulatory enforcement at the nation's coal mines where he says lives are lost every year because the regulations are weak
He twice went to Justice Department and D. E. A. officials in Florida seeking a milder sentence in exchange for doing undercover work to catch big Colombian drug cartel leaders and he made the same offer in another federal drug case in Louisiana
ChemLawn officials couldn't be reached for comment
Financially troubled Dome topped the American Stock Exchange's most active list edging up one sixteenth to one and five sixteenths on turnover of more than three point three million shares
Lifestyle which operates about fifty Beefsteak Charlie's restaurants in the New York area has been deteriorating financially
The issue was priced after the auction to yield from five point two five percent on bonds due in nineteen eighty eight to eight point two oh percent on bonds due in two thousand seven according to Doug Casey a managing director of Kidder Peabody and Company the underwriter
Stock market investors were cheered by the lack of follow through in the recent negative trends for the dollar and the bond market said Alan Shaw a senior vice president at Smith Barney Harris Upham and Company
A metric ton is equal to one point one U. S. short tons or two thousand two hundred four point six pounds
Dow Jones industrials two thousand three hundred thirty seven point oh seven up sixty six point four seven transportation nine hundred forty one point three two up thirteen point eight six utilities two hundred nine point two nine up five point two four
Yesterday Mr. Smith fifty one years old was named president and chief executive officer of Security Pacific National Bank the company's main subsidiary
Lodgistix said last year's acquisition of R. C. A. by G. E. disrupted the plan however and the big Fairfield Connecticut based electrical equipment and broadcasting concern agreed to give up the options
These savings stemmed from the lower interest margins negotiated with banks last fall
The toys and doll maker said it lost fifty two cents a share in the first period compared with net income of five point eight million dollars or thirty four cents a share a year earlier
Meanwhile with U. S. X. unlikely to reach full production until mid year customers have begun rebuilding their depleted stocks
His admirers treat him as if he were a young naive revolutionary
Net income for the quarter was one hundred four million dollars or one dollar and twelve cents a share compared with one hundred forty four million dollars or one dollar and sixty three cents a share a year earlier
Forty three year old New York artist Alan Turner was one such runner yesterday
But another crash would once again affect people who have never owned a single share of stock
First World brand is being sold in Thai food shops and by other dealers in fancy food products from California to South Florida
I hope Dome's shareholders are sophisticated enough to know this is essentially a bankrupt company and the value of its shares in a liquidation situation would be essentially nil Mr. Stacy said
Under the conditions of the special contracts James J. Hartigan chief executive officer of the United Airlines unit would receive a severance payment of as much as about nine hundred fifty thousand dollars if he were fired this year
After a year of bureaucratic delay Astra has just informed federal officials it is withdrawing its proposal to participate in U. S. trials of whether its anti viral drug Foscarnet is effective against AIDS
Fed officials have warned in recent weeks that the dollar's weakness may force them to lift rates such a move would help boost the U. S. currency because foreign investors would find dollar denominated investments more attractive
Now electronics activities account for more than forty percent of sales
The new rate plans are emerging from regulatory reviews of phone company earnings levels following the adoption of the nation's new tax structure
Limited believes in partnership relationships with its manufacturing sources and has some joint ventures with companies overseas
Still election time allows more freedom of expression than usual and serves a national temperature taking function
It was made clear to the staff that it was none of their business
The plan was announced the day before the heavily publicized middleweight boxing match between Sugar Ray Leonard and Marvin Hagler in the parking lot at Caesars Palace by far the company's biggest special event of the year
The Eurobond markets were closed yesterday the last day of a four day Easter holiday weekend in Europe
In Commentary this year for instance he accused U. S. Representative John Conyers D. Michigan of rationalizing black on black violence as inevitable and saving his selective indignation for police brutality
J. W. T. whose chairman Don Johnston kicked out his hand picked successor earlier this year in a power struggle has been fighting a losing financial battle for several years
Doctor Zizic's institute is a small clinic on a Belgrade back street
We were very unhappy about it and we appreciate the passengers' patience
The change reflects reviving public sentiment for a strong government role in certain areas of concern
Several dealers confirmed what they said were sizable sales by Japanese customers although they said the sales were considerably smaller than the one billion dollars or so that had been rumored early in the day
In the L. D. P.'s landslide victory in July's general elections the voting pattern pointed to the rising influence of city dwellers including well educated middle class businesmen and their families political analysts say
The bank holding company had forty seven point one million common shares outstanding February twenty fourth
Rosa Mota of Portugal won the women's race in two twenty five
A respected economist expressed the fear that officers have seen that by standing firm concessions can be extracted
When combined with debt securities remaining unsold from a previous shelf offering the filing gives Finland as much as six hundred million dollars of debt securities and warrants available for sale
OTHER STRATEGIES INCLUDE separately incorporating profitable operations in low tax states merging less profitable operations with profitable ones in high tax states and setting intercompany transfer pricing at favorable levels
Prudential said it would agree to be replaced but wanted to keep its five percent equity interest
Ms. Bach then rubs a wooden mallet around their rims eventually producing a high pitched whine from the bowls not the client similar to that made by rubbing a crystal goblet
To attract issuers the bonds provided for proceeds to be invested in high yield securities at least until the proceeds were needed for the public projects
Those overtures led to a purchase bid by Rorer Group Incorporated
Then crude runs surged again
Frances Fuentes a soft spoken twenty four year old struggles with her emotional scene from Chekhov
We've improved our original proposal and we've told Dome we're still prepared to negotiate said Gerald J. Maier TransCanada's president and chief executive officer
We're certainly not emptying skyscrapers or clearing clogged highways because of telecommuting says Gil Gordon who writes a monthly newsletter on the subject
Normally we have a very long dialogue says the governor of the Bank of Mozambique Eneas da Conceicao Comiche on his way to do some explaining in the country's northernmost province
Mr. Ivy fifty four years old had been in those positions for around a year and a half
I flooded my boss with funny memos articles I'd written for a community newspaper and other writing samples
Burroughs Wellcome the firm that found A. Z. T. to be useful against AIDS has become the target of a campaign portraying it as a band of thieves
We think that is a dangerous precedent that undermines the working conditions and standard of living that our union has gained over the years says Rick Braswell a union organizer
Wellcome is a large and proud British pharmaceutical concern that issued public stock in nineteen eighty six after years as a foundation and its achievement with A. Z. T. was accomplished almost entirely with its own resources scientific organizational and financial
For the fifty year old Mr. Cobb it is in many ways the most wrenching moment of his career
Indeed he's crusading for a wave of suits against retailers and tobacco companies for participating in illegal sales of cigarettes to minors
Mr. Petersen also realized gains totaling two point four million dollars from the exercise of stock options
The employees will continue to work under their present contract but will negotiate separately from the machinists union when the contract expires at the end of the year
The reason is simple You're an extraterrestrial
Cost containment is starting to kick in she said although G. M.'s tax rate for the period will rise slightly to thirty three percent from thirty one percent the year before
Sumitomo also couldn't send trainees to Goldman Sachs without specific Fed approval thus crimping visions of know how transfers
Also all profits from venture investments will be distributed to investors unlike traditional venture partnerships that often take twenty percent to thirty percent of the profits
He said he wants to emphasize the broader U. S. Japan relationship
Mr. Kerschner says rising interest rates have a double whammy effect on the market
The large thrifts and the Reagan administration have long argued that government backed concerns have too much influence over home mortgages
North American Philips Corporation reported net income rose nine point nine percent for the first quarter reflecting an improved consumer electronics market
Fortunately for him the billiard factory was on land adjacent to an expansion minded Catholic school
Pope John Paul the second's visit to South America is being scrutinized by political analysts who have been straining to spot political messages in the hundreds of pages of text read by the pope in Chile and Argentina
Many hoard their gold in bank vaults in Whitehorse and Dawson City because the Canadian government doesn't tax the metal as long as it remains in inventory
Viva Manuela
If cutting the budget deficit does not reduce domestic savings then it is likely to reduce domestic spending
Sun Chemical Corporation said it will ask shareholders to approve changing its name to Sequa Corporation at the annual meeting scheduled for May seventh
In the year earlier period Standard had net of eighteen point four million dollars or one dollar and ninety eight cents a share on sales of three hundred fifteen point one million dollars
The program makes it hard for interstate pipelines to respond competitively to other fuel price changes
Witherspoon is seeking recovery of three million dollars which he says is the difference between what he was supposed to have earned under the Kings and what he actually received
He argues that the plan would create jobs in West Virginia and lower the cost of transporting the state's coal not to mention reducing the risk of mine cave ins
Dixons Group P. L. C. one of Saatchi's biggest British clients asked a court to stop D. F. S. Dorland Limited a Saatchi unit from taking a new assignment from Woolworth Holdings P. L. C. Though Saatchi apparently is trying to find a solution that would allow it to keep both clients' business the dispute belies agency claims that client conflicts are a minor obstacle to expansion
The denuclearization of Europe would lead to the removal of U. S. forces and the collapse of the Atlantic Alliance
For the week some long dated issues moved in an unusually wide three point range at times shifting direction abruptly
Even London's stock exchange has eased curbs on new British stock offerings
Mr. Kaufman of the Wickes task force wouldn't discuss in detail how the carpet problem was discovered
At the same time the manufacturers' product development costs are rising with advances in technology
People find it an exciting proposition to own the company and go fire the boss says Rich Delaney the president of the union local representing United's machinists in Chicago
Mr. Bacot said the company will selectively sell its Latin American debt
He was big brash and bellowing a door slammer and at times a bully
Of course there's too much time spent on litigation he says
Since November for instance Phar Lap has sold two hundred software tool kits
U. S. Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani said the arrests were part of a four year investigation involving various government agencies
Bethlehem Steel Corporation is helping to clean up Chesapeake Bay
I don't believe there is any difference in whether we have letters of credit or cash
Artur Cruel twenty three years old walks back and forth in a therapy room getting used to his new leg
We are concerned about this level of risk and we're going to be looking at it very seriously he said
The proxy said such a change wouldn't affect outstanding litigation specifically lawsuits filed last year in connection with the company's seven hundred fifty million dollar buyout of director H. Ross Perot and his associates
The settlement also calls for the insurer making the settlement payments to advance four hundred seventy five thousand dollars to the company American Surgery said
Mr. Gibbons said Software Publishing's strength in the corporate market has been paced by the company's Harvard line of business application programs
In Tokyo Koichi Ikoma manager for planning and coordination of the steel company's international corporate planning division declined comment and said he didn't know the details of the arrangement
On the New York Cotton Exchange the May contract rose one point eight seven cents a pound to settle at sixty three point seven seven after trading as high as sixty three point eight five cents
On intermediate range nuclear missiles we've narrowed the gaps a little more said Mr. Reagan
The way they were shot is grating and I don't believe ads sell if they irritate people
In business for example mathematics helps design the bodies of autos and aircraft to reduce air turbulence helps schedule manufacturing analyzes the failures of parts suggests how to inventory spares optimizes distribution to points of sale helps set finance charges for credit sales and so on
Saturday April twenty fifth four thirty to six p. m. E. D. T. on A. B. C. The U. S. versus
But no one is forcing women to do this and no one who wants to deny them the opportunity is offering them an alternative source of funds
In nineteen eighty six alone prison sentences imposed by federal judges totaled one hundred twenty four years of which more than thirty one years will be served
These are basically wish books says Ron Overley of A. R. A. Services Incorporated which is testing forty six titles in Saint Louis supermarkets
In nineteen eighty three moreover U. S. officials scored a notable success in getting the Japanese to change seventeen laws in the famous baseball bat case
The weak dollar affects such plants just as much as foreign rivals
The ethics committee conducted a fourteen month investigation after The Wall Street Journal in nineteen eighty five published stories about Representative Saint Germain's finances
It didn't bid when the extraordinary Gospels of Henry the Lion a twelfth century illuminated manuscript sold for about eleven million dollars
As readers of these columns know we have the most profound skepticism toward any attempt to tame the Russian bear by writing arms control agreements along the lines of Western contract law
The National Association of Attorneys General criticized a similar consent agreement the F. T. C. reached in nineteen eighty three with General Motors Corporation because it resulted in uneven awards and a poor system of notifying owners
Digital earned three hundred seven point six million dollars or two dollars and twenty nine cents a share compared with one hundred seventy point three million dollars or one dollar and thirty two cents a share a year earlier
Besides he says Chancellor Corporation's nineteen eighty five annual report copied Fortune magazine
Western experts say he's virtually assured of getting a voting seat at the next Central Committee plenum possibly this summer
But it lagged by several months Procter and Gamble Corporation's introduction of a similar diaper and saw its share of the diaper market dip to about twenty five percent
Alfredo Cesar who is negotiating to link his Costa Rican based Contra group with UNO says there may still be hope to unify the Contra movement if the F. D. N. keeps its promise to integrate itself with smaller forces into one national army with a united UNO command structure
Venezuela's state oil company Petroleos de Venezuela S. A. said in an official statement printed in Caracas newspapers yesterday that it has taken precautions to protect its interests adequately since Texaco filed for Chapter eleven bankruptcy law protection from creditors according to a wire service report
On the wall was a giant portrait of Andrew Mellon the tax cutting Treasury secretary during three Republican administrations in the nineteen twenties
Justice Department spokesman Patrick Korten yesterday confirmed that the memo appears to have been transmitted to Colonel North but he said it never went through Justice Department or F. B. I. headquarters in Washington
Bank of Boston's president and chief executive Mr. Stepanian said the thirty five percent increase in first quarter net income reflected improved net interest revenue and lower growth in non interest expenses
The difficulty in realistically evaluating the company is the primary reason the board is remaining neutral according to the board's S. E. C. filing
The department's fourth quarter survey found companies planning a meager zero point two percent boost in capital spending
In the year earlier quarter net income included capital gains of about eight point five million dollars or ten cents a share
He also said the documents were innocuous and wouldn't harm the F. B. I.'s investigation
He said the two sides should proceed with depositions of bankers the Hunts and their lieutenants
Court papers in previous civil lawsuits over the Atkins case identify the men as former general partners in certain of the Atkins ventures collectively called the Securities Groups
The dollar's rebound helped snap a slump in bond and stock prices
The company cited lower interest costs and a reduction in corporate overhead
The only safe smoking is no smoking she said
At Ford's Chicago plant for example hourly workers may call executives of parts suppliers directly if they spot problems or have suggestions
However Mr. Schollander said old habits are hard to break and he still uses the same brand of goggles Speedo he's had for many years
The company said it will offer the Class B. shares to holders of its common stock in a one for one exchange
Leasing companies bear the risk of ownership and technological change giving industry the ability to inexpensively use the most modern and advanced equipment available
To date a lack of jobs has impeded programs only in some rural areas not in the urban areas where most welfare is concentrated
Although usually thought of as a policy of aiding anti communist insurgencies and building Western style democracies in the Third World the doctrine is much more than that
But it eases the crunch by expanding investment income to include long term capital gains
Mr. Wang declined to predict fourth quarter results but several analysts said they expect Wang to earn fifteen cents to twenty five cents a share
He charged that according to his information Masons must be male white and believe in a supreme being
Westinghouse Electric Corporation received a seventy six point seven million dollar Air Force contract for F. sixteen aircraft radar production
N. R. M.'s long term debt currently consists of about twenty nine point seven million dollars in twelve and one quarter percent senior notes due February first nineteen eighty nine and seventy six point three million dollars in variable rate deferred coupon senior notes due August first nineteen eighty nine Natural Resource said
One is obvious When the tires wear out you need to buy only three
Washington based Comsat didn't indicate its attitude about the possible collapse of the merger
A woman's haircut turns out to be about twice as expensive in Rome for example
At the same time the party's candidates are campaigning for the nomination in a system that because it rewards states that traditionally vote Republican gives disproportionate voice to the right wing
The trade surplus in farm goods narrowed sharply to two hundred seventy nine point one million dollars from five hundred one point eight million dollars
The British are also counting on a package of incentives to help whet the interest of U. S. companies
At Middlebury John Emerson dean said I believe that demonstrated achievement selection of academically challenging high school courses and high achievement motivation are the best indicators of potential success
The automotive industry usually considers a sixty day supply of cars normal although Japanese importers have been accustomed to a much tighter supply
Despite the buyback announcement the stock slipped yesterday to nine point one two five dollars down twelve point five cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange
Still for the network to turn a profit after a production and promotion budget estimated by some at ten million dollars this season advertisers will have to pay more than they ever have for commercial spots on cable
It's hard to see what he can do
The trade figures helped drive down the dollar in the currency markets
The verdict is a victory for G. M. at a time when the company desperately needs a boost
The index which uses a broad basket of twenty six non financial commodities to gauge the direction of raw material prices rose two point two seven to two hundred seventeen point six oh its highest level since late January nineteen eighty six
He said the company has tried to reduce discounts and advertise more products at regular prices
Mr. Mendoza declined comment
The warrant carries a forty percent premium
Beira is the origin of a vital rail and highway transport route known as the Beira corridor linking the landlocked countries of southern Africa to the sea
The governor has negotiated cuts with Consolidated Edison Company of New York and Nynex Corporation's New York Telephone Company unit
That action coupled with other cost savings obtained through the bankruptcy courts has given the steelmaker a major competitive advantage over the rest of the industry
Two shots Sunday besides the extra hole chip paved Mize's win
Water leaked from the roof onto the stage
Results so far have been pleasing
New Zealand's budget deficit is expected to narrow to the current equivalent of one point two seven billion dollars in the year ending next March thirty first from an estimated one point three eight billion dollars in fiscal nineteen eighty seven Finance Minister Roger Douglas said
Robert Gordon
An especially common source of trouble is diabetes which often damages both nerves and blood vessels
It will be up to the Europeans to prove the State Department and the Pentagon wrong
No one not the army the U. S. S. R. or the Libyan citizen offers him strong support
The biggest immediate threat to American business is the American legal system
Equipment spending last year rose four point two percent from nineteen eighty five
A first offender convicted of fraud for example would receive a level six sentence which means as long as six months
Also the department's definition of foreign ownership covers a lot of ground
We haven't seen the end of Ronald Perelman
Control Data started studying its employees' health habits in nineteen eighty to evaluate its corporate wellness program which is aimed at encouraging exercise and other healthful habits
Diceon Electronics Incorporated said it agreed in principle to acquire Symtron Corporation a closely held maker of circuit boards in an exchange of stock valued at about eleven point eight million dollars
The new machines which are compatible with Prime's older computers will solidify the Natick Massachusetts based company's position with its existing customer base and may open up business in new markets analysts said
At a hearing in February Wal Mart argued that it might have to prepare special ads just for Oklahoma if the law remained in force
Company officials did not elaborate on the anticipated loss
Mr. Martin also left open the possibility that the company's headquarters might be moved
The progeny of J. Paul updated Ronald Getty went into the family business stumbled and was driven out by George
I'd have enjoyed the fun of seeing what could be done he says
Credit Suisse owns a big chunk of First Boston
With many traders offering to sell stock index futures there was almost no buying interest said Mr. Fredericks himself an analyst and trader
Some agents need more training in how to be courteous Mr. Gibbs concedes
The Dallas bank holding company with sixteen point seven billion dollars in assets said nonperforming loans rose to one point two four billion dollars or nine point eight nine percent of total loans from seven hundred ninety nine million dollars or five point four nine percent a year earlier
I. B. M. reported better than expected first quarter earnings
But he's had a good sprinkling of cases
Occupancy costs increased forty seven percent in the quarter to one hundred six point one million dollars and depreciation and amortization costs increased fifty nine percent to fifty seven million dollars
Adjustments for future interest are often made in Chapter eleven cases
The union has complained that among other things C. B. S. is seeking to eliminate arbitration recourse for dismissed union members
It stood at seven and one half percent from last August until about two weeks ago when banks led by Citibank raised it by a quarter of a percentage point
The motion was opposed by Justice Department lawyers and by Thiokol engineer Roger Boisjoly who has filed suit against the rocket maker in the wake of last year's explosion of the shuttle Challenger
The stock market which had been expecting the companies to step away from the confrontation that led to Texaco's bankruptcy law filing registered its disappointment when the stocks of Pennzoil and Texaco sank as soon as trading began yesterday
In more substantial fare such as the Brahms Piano Concerto Number two in B. flat recorded with Leonard Bernstein and the Vienna Philharmonic he combines technical pizazz with softly shaded phrases thoughtful and heartfelt
The price would be about nineteen million dollars including the assumption of CoMED liabilities and a planned capital infusion said Jay Fabrikant Total Health chairman
The pulp produced by the mill will be marketed world wide by Sweden based Ekman and Company Fibreco said
Faced by the loss of our conventional power and with no riposte available except an attack on their strategic missiles or the Soviet homeland it is most unlikely that any American president would continue the war
Huge water projects more than three hundred dams and storage reservoirs enabled vast agricultural regions towns and cities to thrive on what had been desert or semi arid ground
For example American has already linked its reservation system to CompuServe Incorporated a unit of Kansas City Missouri based H. and R. Block Incorporated
The way I always cast is Would I want to sit next to him in a bar he says
Two plants in the U. S. have been sold and a third is on the block
An abusive colonial government would have faced angry howls in Parliament
And for chains such as Ann Taylor Athlete's Foot B. Dalton Bookseller and Benetton the one point three five million square foot mall is the best outlet in Florida
The dollar's sharp declines against the Japanese yen coupled with a surge in some commodity prices have aroused renewed investor concern about inflation in recent weeks sparking huge declines in Treasury bond prices
But the U. S. has wanted to link talks on short range weapons to talks on intermediate forces and Mr. Gorbachev said in his speech that the course or result of the short range talks shouldn't be linked to intermediate talks
The securities unit's pre tax earnings this year for example should break a million without too much problem compared with about seven hundred thousand dollars in nineteen eighty six he said
Once N. A. S. A. resumes its space shuttle flights it plans to launch twenty two commercial payloads then intends to withdraw from that business
The Fed now manages money mainly by varying the pressure it puts on bank reserve positions and the reports of the policy making Open Market Committee meetings so far this year indicate the Fed has opted for what's called snugging up somewhat more pressure on reserves
The Euroyen market may now be the most receptive but only relatively
Between each one of which there will be a lull
Capital International noting that Japan's market capitalization amounts to one hundred twenty nine percent of its gross national product compared with around sixty three percent in the U. S. says the ratio may not be sustainable in the long run
I say it is time for us to be bold
Blair has been selling various units to concentrate on its Spanish language T. V. operations
Bic Corporation's stock plunged twenty five percent following a news report that Bic's disposable lighter was the subject of numerous liability suits
In Lebanon two explosives laden cars were detonated by remote control in East Beirut injuring at least thirteen people in the mostly Christian sector
The estimated payment requirement is imposed by the new tax law which also makes other substantial changes in the way trusts and estates are taxed the I. R. S. noted
Last week Mr. Gillett chairman of Nashville Tennessee based Gillett Holdings Incorporated acknowledged he is negotiating to buy slightly more than a half interest in six T. V. stations controlled by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Company for more than six hundred million dollars
The following month a state court judge formally entered a judgment for eleven point one billion dollars a figure that included interest
To me he said what they've done since they lost the verdict has been at least as bad as what they did to earn the verdict
The rubberband is stretched so far we're within days of a short term peak in silver prices says Robert Prechter editor of the Elliot Wave Theorist
Hecla is based in Coeur d'Alene Idaho and First Mississippi in Jackson Mississippi
The executive said extensive changes will be made in de Havilland's procedures to increase productivity
Restructuring and market share gains in G. M.'s overseas operations should result in a profit for nineteen eighty seven the company said compared with a five hundred fifty million dollar net loss for nineteen eighty six
What would appear to be nonrecurring earnings are a growing part of the business of banks says William Gibson an executive vice president of Continental Illinois Corporation of Chicago
This is not to say that it couldn't accelerate later in the year
Mr. Vargas Llosa is a Peruvian writer
L. V. I. said Anthony Mesiti president of Spectrum would continue to head Spectrum's principal subsidiary National Surface Cleaning Incorporated
Is her childhood memory of throwing food over the fence into a concentration camp not perhaps a self protective inversion a denial of the fact that she was really in the camp
His nineteen eighty six showing was better than his finish indicates
Professor Mujzel and some of his government colleagues have painted a picture of the future Poland that looks curiously like a mixed economy
Sources said the E. C. is still considering a more recent request by the industry association to investigate possible dumping of another type of semiconductor chip dynamic random access memories or Drams
The judgment came in a civil case the S. E. C. brought against Mr. Benson and others in Manhattan federal court in nineteen eighty four
If you make some arrangements that will influence the oil price then we will look at what you are doing and we will see what we can do
As the New York Times said in an editorial last July the change is welcome because by saving light it will seem to lengthen life
Mr. Everett and his company aren't strangers to N. R. C. discipline
Now no one can decide how big the bond is that Texaco might have to post
While the total number and value of the unsettled trades isn't known we're literally looking at huge stacks of paper in the back offices of brokerage houses says Hugh Eaves chief financial officer of the Phillips and Drew unit of the Union Bank of Switzerland
The new accord which reaffirmed an agreement reached last February in Paris clearly didn't impress the financial markets
S. and P. said the lowered rating reflected A. F. G.'s strategy of expanding through highly leveraged transactions that represent a degree of risk to the bondholder that is incompatible with A. F. G.'s previous investment grade implied senior rating
So every time he diagnosed a case of diabetes or encountered a patient with some other interesting ailment he referred the case to the endocrinologist or another specialist in his group instead of treating the patient himself
Also the issue brought to the fore the question of imposing a tax on imported oil a notion that is popular with lawmakers from Southwestern oil producing states but is opposed by Northeastern lawmakers who fear that the fee would increase home heating costs
Reclassifying those loans reduced profit for the quarter one point seven million dollars and would reduce it six point nine million dollars for the full year if the loans don't return to an accrual basis First Bank said
Bank of America is a unit of San Francisco based BankAmerica Corporation Arthur Andersen was Helionetics's auditor until August nineteen eighty six
Under the plan approved by the state Public Service Commission phone rates will be lowered one hundred million dollars beginning in nineteen eighty eight and continuing through nineteen ninety for a total saving of three hundred million dollars
Bonuses in nineteen eighty six were smaller reflecting nineteen eighty five's unimpressive corporate earnings which for the five hundred largest U. S. companies fell by nineteen percent
But after yesterday's session the official said Mr. Baker plans to ask Congress for only enough to continue I. A. D. B. lending levels at about eleven billion dollars over that same period
The president made no public comment on the meeting
Mr. Ephlin responding to the hardliners says there are some people in the union who have their head in the sand
That's one point one million boxes lower than the department's estimate in March
On a visit to Tokyo this week Michael Howard a junior trade minister emphasized that Britain would use the powers only if Japan doesn't move to admit a few more British stockbrokerages to the Tokyo Stock Exchange
A Journal story yesterday said that U. S. sales of Japanese cars are falling for the first time in years
If Mr. Freeman is convicted lawyers said that Goldman Sachs could be forced to disgorge any illegal trading profits earned by the firm
The French telecommunications sale brought to three point four billion dollars the total proceeds from sales and divestitures by I. T. T. Chairman Rand Araskog since nineteen eighty five when he began responding to threats by raiders with a corporate slim down plan
Top U. S. officials want to press for deep cuts in long range missiles
Although it hasn't obtained any commitments Shamrock Holdings is confident that the necessary financing will be available the letter added
It also illustrates the difficulty Beijing conservatives are having in spreading their gospel in the hinterland
He sighs at stars and utters banalities about the wonders of the world in a very soft voice
In a scuffle the pilot shot Niihau resident Benehakaka Kanahele three times
That market potential prompts Price Waterhouse and Company to develop new software for year round tax department use
The very possibility that there might be some rational basis for specialization is ignored
Father Merrill who left the Catholic order some time ago married and is now a priest of the Episcopal Church has returned to defend the cause of La Morena
Everyone wins except your competitor
S. and P. noted the New York based retailer has redirected its resources to emphasize specialty retailing and has revitalized its general merchandise stores by improving productivity and profitability
He notes that other gold stocks have soared in the same period and that Cambior has made new discoveries at its Doyon gold mine in northwestern Quebec operated in a joint venture with Lac Minerals Limited of Toronto
According to the prospectus a significant proportion of shares will go to institutions
Conrac Corporation which rejected an earlier acquisition bid from Mark four Industries Incorporated said it is talking to new suitors
Falconi's Tropicana Honda in Las Vegas for example recently treated certain new car buyers to dinner for two at the owner's steak house
Mr. Rutland said he expects the insurer will have about one hundred million dollars of premium revenue this year increasing to four hundred fifty million dollars a year in five years
As effluents pass through the fungus it separates metals from the water after only a brief contact
Bill Clay D. Missouri and Pat Schroeder D. Colorado want to require employers with more than fifteen workers to provide up to eighteen consecutive weeks of unpaid leave in the event of a birth adoption or serious illness of a child or parent
Under the Air Force plan for selecting the fighter's builder sometimes described as a prototype for future defense procurement the Northrop and Lockheed teams are developing partly at their own cost two prototypes each that the Air Force will test in a nineteen ninety fly off
This lawsuit was an ill considered first strike by parties who have been preparing to release their own clone of Lotus one two three Lotus said in a statement
The same former intelligence officer said the likelihood of misconduct by Marine guards wasn't new and that during his tour they were being sent home at a rate of about two a month for black market currency transactions and kindred offenses
U. S. Savings Bonds b. six point oh six percent
These lawyers said the commissioners are still voting on fundamental questions that should have been settled long ago and are resolving dozens of complex issues
As previously reported New York investor Donald Trump already owns just under five percent of U. A. L.'s stock
If you're still reading it all began back in nineteen fifty two when seafood merchant Peter Cusimano and his brother bounced a cooked octopus onto the ice
Astrotech a maker of specialty metals and high technology products and Allegheny a consumer and high technology industrial products concern also agreed to end disputes and litigation over Astrotech's nineteen eighty three purchase of Allegheny's Special Metals Corporation
Its new BusinessSaver fare is available on all six hundred of its flights to and from Atlanta
It's not for us
Rebels once roamed freely here as they did through half the country just a few years ago but now the army is in control
When people believe they can predict the market they do strange things he said
Michael Machesko an I. N. S. official who will administer the public information and awareness contract said the winning group will be reimbursed for its costs and receive an undisclosed percentage for profit
Army chief of staff General Adolfo Blandon who believes that the resettlement of the town is a key to rebuilding the economically depressed Guazapa volcano area personally complained to President Duarte that his ministries of agriculture health and education haven't carried their weight here
One trader in Tokyo said there was disappointment over the outcome of the finance officials' meeting
Rolm executives were steadfast in that independence replying to requests from I. B. M. staff to follow the practices of I. B. M.'s fifteen divisions We're not a division
Peter Norman contributed to this article
In contrast with this tale of the preposterous debasement of the national pastime is Sixty One Macmillan two hundred sixty nine pages nineteen dollars and ninety five cents by Tony Kubek and Terry Pluto a history of the sublime nineteen sixty one Yankees the most selfless team I've ever managed in the words of Ralph Houk
I'm not burned out at all
The surprises you get are incredible
Ohio Mattress Company expects net income in the year ending November thirtieth to climb to at least one dollar and ten cents a share Ernest M. Wuliger chairman and chief executive officer said at the annual meeting in Chicago
Last week the F. D. I. C. proposed easing the regulation that triggered the suit by removing the current ban against a bank and its securities subsidiary sharing an office or sharing a company name or logo
Todd recently omitted its quarterly common dividend because of losses on a ship conversion contract and a drop in its naval ship construction work
Their charters limit the number of shares a holder can own and many of them restrict transfers of voting rights
Leonard's smile at the end of round four bespoke his view of things The rounds were passing in a way he approved of
And a third generation firm that in its lifetime reshaped one hundred seventy square miles of Sun Belt real estate an area eight times the size of Manhattan Island now is struggling to survive
However the Democratic Current's leaders are well known establishment figures who are of too much substance to be easily crushed by public attacks
Air Wisconsin which operates under the name United Express said its traffic for the first three months of the year fell five point five percent to sixty nine point two million revenue passenger miles from seventy three point three million miles for the year earlier period
The report scheduled to be released at a news conference today was compiled by a coalition of southern business leaders representing such companies as A. M. R. Corporation's American Airlines unit Tenneco Corporation Hospital Corporation of America and Burlington Industries Incorporated
Last year Mr. Araskog received one million six hundred sixty five thousand dollars in cash compensation as compared with one million three thousand two hundred twenty nine dollars in nineteen eighty five
Gail Wilson thirty eight years old charged that she was fired from her job at the G. M. technical center in Warren Michigan in nineteen eighty one after missing work because of complications arising from her pregnancy
If we remain passive this might mean more trouble later in the year
President Reagan in a televised news conference yesterday afternoon said that he wouldn't allow the Soviets to occupy their new embassy on a hill in northwest Washington until the U. S. is certain the new Moscow embassy is safe against Soviet eavesdropping
We think the building is now on stronger financial footing than it was previously Mr. Jones said
Both Hyundai Motor Company a unit of Hyundai Corporation and Kia Motor Company said they plan to buy more U. S. parts
In Stamford Connecticut David Sadler chairman of Savin said the company last year licensed the liquid toner technology to Xerox for twenty eight million dollars and to Du Pont for nine million dollars
Like the president the Democrats call for increased revenues
In his current post a new one at C. S. X. Mr. Snow presides over rail operations involving twenty two thousand route miles throughout the eastern U. S. as well as freight carried on the backs of eight thousand truck trailers
To stay in the spotlight and keep his troubles backstage Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou is providing political theater that is highly diverting in the country where Western drama got its start
But Mr. Shenefield argues that the statutes don't apply to him because the A. T. and T. case effectively ended with divestiture and has become akin to an administrative proceeding
The Kansas City Royals are moving their major and minor league camp to Boardwalk and Baseball an amusement park south of Orlando operated by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Incorporated
Talk of losses and earnings deterioration might worry some holders of Texas Air debt
It is the first arrest since V. W. alleged last month that it was defrauded of as much as two hundred fifty nine million dollars
Moreover the restructuring strains the I. B. M. ethos of respect for the individual
I. B. M. denies that
The expertise of people such as Mr. Hall can be crucial for owners of troubled property
And best wishes on your retirement
Overruling both the staff and chairman four members of the commission voted last July twenty fourth to deny the merger
Meantime after twenty years of rarely venturing outside Paris Bouygues started up a dozen domestic housing and public works subsidiaries
Later writers have said the figure was one hundred pounds but apparently no one brought Her Nibs the fruit
A surprise victory by West Germany's Christian Democratic Party in the Hesse state election Sunday meanwhile gave a boost to West German government bonds
Yet once the taking of innocent human life was condoned in limited cases the lives of other vulnerable citizens were also soon at risk
You can assume that the banks are being asked about it said a banking supervisory official at one of the regional central banks
Mr. Raynor paused then smiled
The opposite seems to be true
At a party last winter an American businessman told Makoto Kuroda the Ministry of International Trade and Industry's top negotiator that Japanese companies should buy more American soda ash
Notwithstanding the considerable publicity given the budget cuts imposed on Medicare Medicare spending has been rising faster than the general rate of inflation or even the rate of increase in nominal gross national product
Sooner or later banks especially the big banks will have to decide whether twenty percent thirty percent forty percent even fifty percent of debt will be converted to equity
Douglas Stone an analyst at Prudential Bache Incorporated New York said further problem loans could develop at Mellon
We want to keep that
The clubs also tricked people into signing binding membership contracts according to the suit giving them the impression that they were merely filling out applications
The biggest advocate of more growth is what once was called the London Stock Exchange
Mr. Grutman sued Hustler and Mr. Flynt on behalf of Penthouse publisher Robert Guccione's girlfriend who complained that a Hustler article about her and Mr. Guccione was libelous
But the case also illustrates the extent of the confusion over the complexities of the new immigration law
James R. Eiszner C. P. C. president said that although Robertsons is racially integrated operating any business in South Africa has become increasingly difficult
State would rather run the risk of having the K. G. B. read their stuff than have the N. S. A. read it said one senior intelligence official
The per share figure is adjusted to reflect a two for one stock split paid last August
Oil related issues rallied as oil prices firmed in the futures market
Senator Mitch McConnell R. Kentucky said his unflinching vote to override was a matter of personal integrity
Lilly also announced a stock buyback
Comdisco Incorporated said it expects to report improved earnings for its second quarter ended last Tuesday citing a strong performance by its risk arbitrage unit among other things
The bulk of Coca Cola Foods about sixty percent by some analysts' estimates is its Minute Maid orange juice business whose results have been buffeted in recent years both by citrus crop freezes and cutthroat competition from Beatrice Companies
Profit in nineteen eighty eight he says depends on GenCorp's willingness and ability to reduce debt by selling businesses
Nudging it over the edge were the strength of the U. S. dollar and a serious misfire of a new product the disk camera
In recent quarters Federal has focused on new chicken products that are geared to current consumer trends and also command higher prices
But Honda wanted a name it could use around the globe says Mr. Bachrach and a double C. is difficult to say in some languages
We think it's the wave of the future says James Moran of Campbell Soup now in the midst of a two year program to make every Campbell product microwavable
Southmark a Dallas based real estate and financial services concern said it will merge the unit into its Integon Corporation unit
Before we had a market of twenty five thousand people
Remember all those horror stories about sewer and gas lines collapsing beneath city streets and bridges becoming unsafe at any speed
U. S. officials also are unhappy that Minneapolis based Cray and other American supercomputer makers aren't allowed to compete for Japanese government and university business
He hasn't settled into his next project yet and he suspects his publisher and agent secretly wish it would be Further Memoirs of an Invisible Man
While some suspect schools have closed others have moved
The group's report also criticized Congress for failing to coordinate its efforts to oversee defense programs
With very few exceptions the public really has very little understanding of the mechanics of a leveraged buyout says Jeffrey Kenner president of buyout specialist Kenner and Company
Two executives yesterday were named to positions that were vacated during the internal investigation
McDowell shares closed yesterday at five dollars and fifty cents up thirty seven point five cents in American Stock Exchange composite trading
We'll find out how final the N. B. C. offer is when we respond to the company said a spokesman for the union the National Association of Broadcast Employees and Technicians
Emery is a Wilton Connecticut based air cargo transportation company
Barbara Raboy the bank's director apologizes for the clutter and the worn carpet explaining that the bank is nonprofit and subsists on sliding fees pegged to a client's income
In national over the counter trading T. V. X. shares closed at ten dollars and seventy five cents up twenty five cents
A federal judge appointed a receiver to take charge of three Naples Florida based investment concerns allegedly involved in the sale of at least fifty million dollars in unregistered securities to more than one thousand investors
Atlantic Research Corporation said it completed the acquisition of O. R. I. Group Incorporated a Rockville Maryland based professional services concern for stock valued at about forty seven million dollars
The bonds are rated double A by both Moody's and S. and P.
The Washington Journalism Review is owned by H. and C. Communications Incorporated a Houston based owner of television stations
As a veteran government spokesman with a reputation for fairness and conscientious effort Mr. Fitzwater is helping to defuse years of press frustration over White House spin control image making and sharply limited access to the inner workings of the Reagan presidency
John C. Emery Junior chairman of Emery Air Freight Corporation says he had a friendly telephone conversation yesterday with Nicholas F. Brady chairman of Purolator Courier Corporation
As a result the camels wobble on three legs which means they sometimes careen out of control
Former Central Intelligence Agency Director William Casey helped create the network that armed Nicaraguan rebels while Congress cut off their U. S. military assistance and arranged for a top aide to work for the operation
If she has something else let's see it
Meanwhile White House operatives were working to persuade the thirteen Republicans who voted in favor of the override to change their votes
Since then it has been selling off assets and focusing on cost cutting and reducing its huge loan charge offs
Per share earnings one dollar and seven cents versus seventy two cents
Each nation hopes this will lead to a renewal of ties cut by Moscow during the nineteen sixty seven Arab Israeli war Israeli officials said
The other plants G. M. is closing are the Buick Century and Pontiac six thousand plant in Tarrytown N. Y. the Chevrolet Monte Carlo and Oldsmobile Supreme plants in Pontiac and Flint Michigan the Chevrolet Celebrity six thousand and Oldsmobile Ciera plant in Oshawa Ontario and the Buick Electra Oldsmobile ninety eight and eighty eight plant in Wentzville Missouri
Anchor Hocking Corporation said it postponed its May sixth annual meeting pending a Securities and Exchange Commission review of proxy materials
Watsco also declared the regular quarterly dividends of five cents a share on Class A common and four cents a share on Class B. common both payable May twenty ninth to stock of record April thirtieth
Q. E. D.
Profits fell substantially last year and unemployment rose to three percent in January a record for Japan before easing back to two point nine percent last month
Curiously enough this once most rarefied and remote of musical forms has even begun to tap a yuppie audience in a way that orchestras have failed to do The avant garde Kronos Quartet three men one woman has an enthusiastic young following
Unfortunately the Reagan administration seems utterly oblivious to all this
In any case although some jobs have been created in America by Japanese companies the important point is that many more are possible
The implication The firm plans to stay in a market against all adversity become part of the landscape and eventually take the lead
The growing trend away from bank lending toward securities based lending should greatly accelerate Nomura's future growth
U. S. X. Corporation for instance recently weathered an acrimonious six month strike
Morgan Stanley and Company was lead underwriter
The firm was ordered to pay about one hundred twelve thousand dollars to Dhana Singh Bains an Indian national and a longtime resident here
Mr. Reynolds said he still intends to recommend that proceeds be used to repurchase shares
The one hundred share index closed at one thousand nine hundred ninety seven point six four point nine below Monday's close while the Financial Times industrial share index dropped five point one to one thousand five hundred seventy seven point one
Most just want advice on personal problems from a higher being
Maybe I should have taken more lessons
Several economists did caution against reading too much into a single month's figures especially in light of the recent volatility
In addition room rates are expected to rise about two dollars from the nineteen eighty six room rate average of fifty four dollars and seventy eight cents about as good an increase as the industry has seen in the nineteen eighties
The offering's price tomorrow will be today's closing price
As previously reported the financially troubled company is hoping to implement by June thirtieth a plan to restructure its six point one billion dollars of debt
Insurance lawyers are privately rooting for Ernst and Whinney hoping its defense will discredit Mr. Anderson
Home Federal is the largest thrift to attempt to switch into the F. D. I. C.
Justice O'Connor's opinion was joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Byron White and Lewis Powell
It isn't immediately clear who will succeed Mr. Rizzo on I. B. M.'s board or on I. B. M.'s powerful executive committee
This will become mood radio for the new mainstream
First Boston started with a five hundred million dollar offering which was countered by an equal sized Salomon deal
Yesterday's declines occurred despite recent contractions in exchange and producer stockpiles analysts noted
But the association said lobbying by the press academia and Western embassies led it to change its mind
Hardly anyone advocates buying shares in Mr. Trump's targets
Atlantic Richfield Company indicated it expects to report first quarter net income of at least one hundred eighty three million dollars
Ex guard Corporal Arnold Bracy was charged with spy related activities
But it said the company's moves into new businesses have increased its debt load during an extended period of weak energy copper and agricultural products prices
Delhi owns the interest in the field known as the Cooper Eromanga area of South Australia and Queensland
The stage is then set for the factions among convention delegates elected with different purposes in mind to trade and compromise with each other You vote to put my amendment on the agenda and we'll vote for yours
Robert Blendon senior vice president of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation agrees Almost uniquely he knows medicine and research but also knows how Washington institutions work and the importance of the media
In addition M. I. five forged documents designed to discredit cabinet ministers
There are other paths that states should follow
After a fruitless argument the officials left
The original diary is written mostly in disjointed fragments quick observations bits of dialogue pithy descriptions he says
There are no layoffs at the Washington D. C. insurance company all workers take a salary cut during slow periods
He may not slap her around but he uses her and her body just as surely as the others have
And one doesn't know what to make of the North's public relations salvos responding to the South's charges
The California of Jerry Brown applied PURPA with a vengeance the result being that Californians now are stuck with one of the country's most expensive interpretations of the act
Mr. Tuccillo said the current sales pace for new homes was still encouraging for this stage of the business cycle however
Assuming the conversion after the Shearson offering American Express will own sixty point five percent of the firm's common stock the public will own eighteen percent Nippon Life will own thirteen percent Shearson employees will own seven point five percent and a Shearson employee plan will own one percent
Sources familiar with Mr. Icahn said that the investor doesn't believe he was required to disclose details of the meetings since he hadn't any agreement with Mr. Boesky and didn't proceed to accumulate additional Gulf and Western shares afterward
A minority of younger faculty members are urging greater emphasis on a movement called sustainable agriculture
The lower dollar also hurt some securities stocks which investors had expected to rise following last month's Paris meeting on stabilizing currency rates
Mr. Henkel was appointed to the Bank Board November seventh after the Senate adjourned without acting on his nomination and he serves while awaiting confirmation
I'll never buy rare coins again he says
In addition each is adding made for T. V. movies series and exclusive events like boxing matches on H. B. O.
Michael Orloff another executive says he was fired from his post as vice president of wholesale operations for beer when he tried to exercise some stock options
Dixons said it will proceed with the sale of Cyclops's industrial division to a unit of Alleghany Corporation
Ms. Kruger calls each of her recruits at least once a week and makes special efforts to accommodate their needs
The company said the latest fourth quarter figures include about four point two million dollars in merchandise purchases that should have been recorded at Frank's in nineteen eighty five reducing fourth quarter net income by about two point two million dollars after taxes but largely offset by a one point five million dollar income tax credit
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Harper and Row jumped eight point three seven five dollars to close at sixty four point one two five dollars as two hundred forty four thousand nine hundred shares changed hands
Thus while Mr. Barre does well in simulated presidential elections so does the current president Francois Mitterrand
Yields range from six and three quarters percent on bonds due two thousand two to seven and one eighth percent on bonds due two thousand thirteen
Monsanto is a Saint Louis based chemical concern
Two Pakistani jets downed an Afghan warplane Pakistani officials and witnesses said
This dramatic exchange of populations helped prevent the kind of tensions that remain in Cyprus which was exempt from the nineteen twenty three settlement because of British rule
The S. E. C. is seeking penalties in the case of as much as three times the alleged illicit profit or a maximum penalty of more than twelve million dollars
Futures traders who routinely help institutions sell S. and P. contracts to offset losses in their stock portfolios said they didn't see that scenario developing yesterday
A market maker at a major U. S. commercial bank says The providers of liquidity in the back months tend to be professionals
But Mr. Reagan's initiative isn't likely to impress anybody could backfire and doesn't address the most serious threat to the region Iran's grinding war of attrition with Iraq
Meanwhile I. B. M.'s big corporate customers lush sales turf that the new products are designed to protect will gather for video conference briefings in as many as forty cities
Mr. Krzeminski said this is fifteen to twenty basis points or hundredths of a percentage point less than a comparable issue in the U. S. or European market would have cost after deducting underwriting swap and other expenses
The debt has been rescheduled over seventeen years with a grace period of seven and one half years
According to the filing Marine Midland believes it is premature to decide whether to reclassify these loans at this time
Moreover the proportion of national employment accounted for by these companies as a whole actually has been drifting irregularly downward since shortly after its World War one peak
Pay 'N Pak shares rose three point six two five dollars to close at seventeen dollars in New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday
The man who hired me said It is going to be a pleasure just once to have someone on the staff who is not only fully qualified but who will bring a little more to the job
Organizers estimate that in one city there one hundred thousand people packed the streets
There isn't a day that goes by that we don't say to ourselves how lucky we are says Mrs. Johnston pouring tea from a large two spouted teapot that she commissioned from a local potter
It's a type of cabin fever she figures
The doctor had botched an obstetrical delivery paralyzing his patient
Being able to set the child down just to play that just didn't happen Mr. Mortimer says
Surveys tend to ask specific questions about specific problems driving policy makers toward point by point solutions
This notion won't sit well with the House which has insisted on partial federal financing for the projects
Notably the Japanese were joined by the whole foreign investment community including U. S. and British pension funds said a broker at a large West German bank
Moreover not all rental companies have eliminated their liability caps
The January twenty third decline was thirteen point four six points
On the presidential race
We're not at all embarrassed by their ownership Mr. Getz said adding that all the purchases complied with a company policy that forbids trading on inside information
No airline wants to be labeled as holding out because they can't face a competitive market the source said
But diplomats speculated that intense struggles on the issue are going on and that an agreement hasn't been reached
Semiconductor industry analysts and trade consultants say they think the proposed one hundred percent tariffs on various electronic products recording tape and photographic film probably won't be imposed for long if at all
You just never know about Lorenzo says a former associate
In such an event they say Taiwan would need all of its reserves which currently total fifty three billion dollars to buy arms
The company is sitting on a hoard of cash accumulated from the sale of its large investment in Union Carbide Corporation G. A. F. made a hostile bid for the chemical concern in nineteen eighty five that while ultimately unsuccessful forced Union Carbide into a major restructuring
The idea is to make the chip makers' other exports here prohibitively expensive for Americans
Kirk Faupel a Northwest captain who represents the former Republic pilots said that in addition to the split pay scales the Republic pilots are upset about an airline procedure which in effect prevents them from getting as much flying time as Northwest pilots
G. A. F. rose seven eighths to forty four and seven eighths
But it didn't suggest any major buildup in inflation
Higher interest rates would increase demand for the dollar by making dollar denominated investments more attractive
Pillsbury Company as expected said it will have a gain of twenty million dollars to twenty three million dollars most likely for its fiscal fourth quarter from the sale of real estate master limited partnerships at one hundred eight to one hundred twenty of its Burger King restaurants
Maxxam holders also will receive under some conditions a fractional share of new M. C. O. preferred on the fourth anniversary of the merger
In a piece that described him as the most peculiar man in the Senate Conservative Digest last month accused Mr. Kerry a decorated Vietnam veteran who returned to become an outspoken critic of the war as being as far to the left as he was when he appeared on the national scene as a disaffected veteran making excuses for the Vietcong
Rent Control reflects the current approach to the Constitution made popular by the Supreme Court over the past forty years i. e. that the due process clause of the fourteenth Amendment applies the Justices' favorite parts of the Bill of Rights against the states
And the Supreme Court has thirteen members
Such construction stocks as Taisei and Kajima surged again while home builders such as Daiwa House Industry were higher on continuing optimism about plans to stimulate the domestic economy
From the fantasy of Hair to the fantasy of Platoon New Age Liberalism has served up its sentimental pifflings and all Americans either savor them or take their leave
While stockholders can keep up with their holdings through the daily stock market tables and quarterly and annual reports muni bondholders are afforded no such convenience
Griscom though laughs and tells reporters Baker's not my spokesman
It is expected however that the F. C. C. ruling will be quickly appealed
Turandot asks Calaf and then he scratches the head he hopes to keep
That charge followed a one point one five billion dollar charge in the nineteen eighty five fourth quarter by previous management for early retirement costs and write down of assets
Mr. Barnes is chief editorial writer for The Boston Herald
The Reagan administration attacked the budget proposal prepared by Senate Budget Committee Chairman Lawton Chiles saying it contains more tax and spend and whack at defense
They will not lie cheat or steal
Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes
Since last November it has been the subject of investigations by a federal grand jury and the Securities and Exchange Commission into Wall Street's huge insider trading scandal which erupted last May with the arrest of Dennis B. Levine a Drexel investment banker
Drexel has overlooked no opportunity to throw a party
And while it is one of the most striking examples of a new breed of suburb life here is very much as it is in similar suburbs that are restructuring America from Phoenix and Denver to Saint Louis and Baltimore
They should have bribed that guy to get him out
Otherwise officials have warned system banks may have to start dipping into that stock as other reserves are used up
The bill also would place restrictions on limited service banks allow the ailing Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation to borrow as much as seven point five billion dollars over two years in the capital bond market give federal regulators broader powers to handle troubled financial institutions and limit the time institutions may hold a depositor's check before making the funds available for withdrawal
The company said it expects first quarter earnings from operations to exceed the thirty cents a share of a year earlier
Yesterday's decision to retaliate over the semiconductor issue drew immediate protests from several of the Japanese companies cited
Everybody's pretty happy we got the money
A Vatican statement said contributions to Peter's pence which is the annual offering from Catholics to the pope to help defray the expenses of the Holy See amounted to thirty two million dollars in nineteen eighty six a sum which because of the sharp drop in the value of the dollar against the Italian lira fell far short of covering the year's deficit
The North American arm of Great Britain's Jaguar P. L. C. said the cars will be introduced for sale in the U. S.
Mr. Anderson in an appearance at federal court in Manhattan yesterday also pleaded guilty to failing to file his nineteen eighty three and nineteen eighty four tax returns and to tax evasion
That work currently is provided under the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's contracts with Lockheed McDonnell Douglas Astronautics Company a unit of Saint Louis based McDonnell Douglas Corporation and Northrop Services Incorporated a unit of Los Angeles based Northrop Corporation
He said this cash would be drawn in especially from European units and would be used to acquire the Standard stock
Nicaragua's central bank governor Joaquin Cuadra Chamorro said his country can't afford to service its debt and complained the U. S. is interfering in the I. A. D. B. to block credit for Nicaragua
Houston Grand Opera A new production of Richard Strauss's Salome offers Josephine Barstow with the seven veils and sets designed by artist Jim Dine
In addition the government will offer special terms on the debt that accrued to the lines when they were pressured in nineteen eighty four to take over the ships and debts of smaller concerns as part of government arranged shipping company mergers
E. E. O. C. Court rules five to four that a federal court properly set a goal of twenty nine percent minority membership in a Sheet Metal Workers local and made the union pay for training
At the Louvre in Paris thirty one days ago Group of Six money managers agreed to seek greater stability in the value of the dollar relative to the yen and the German mark
No surprise This is Central America after all
In a new battle of the celebrities Cybill Shepherd is moonlighting on behalf of beef and Peggy Fleming is pushing pork
Neither did Brown and Williamson
Traders on the other hand make money on razor thin arbitrage spreads selling a currency on terms more favorable than its purchase and a volatile market offers opportunity for bigger profits
In addition to its economic impact this decision also has political importance because of what it symbolizes to food supplier nations James H. Michel a State Department official wrote the E. P. A. in October nineteen eighty five
By these criteria the S. E. C.'s prosecution of the recent rash of inside trading cases and the agency's explanation of the Boesky sell off are encouraging signals
Both the Justice Department and federal transportation officials endorsed the legislation yesterday during testimony before the panel
For the parishioners in the crowded church there was another reason why it was an especial occasion
He was editor of the school paper and she did exactly what venerable Aunt Helen might advise a young Japanese woman to do in a similar situation
Those findings showed that a raise has no significant impact on adult unemployment youth unemployment inflation or the viability of business enterprises
Chemical will seek approval at its meeting in New York April twenty eighth
Deploring insider trading Mr. O'Brien said S. I. A. officials will work with the Pitt group or other drafters to come up with a workable definition
Italy's Alessi Company is offering a tea kettle designed by the architect Michael Graves with a plastic bird perched on its spout that whistles when the water boils
The E. P. A. staff predicted increasing acidification of lakes on the assumption that some soils with low acid neutralizing capacity soon would reach the limit of their capacity to absorb sulfuric acid
The offer which ended Monday was made in connection with New York based Anchor's conversion from a mutual to a stock form of ownership
Dealers said the Bank of Japan bought at least one point five billion dollars with yen in Tokyo trading yesterday
Some of that money went toward the development of a real estate empire controlled by Mr. Klein and his partners that did everything from hauling dirt to marketing condominiums and to a hog farming operation with a grain farm and a mill
The comments by S. and P. with regard to Latin American debt reflect their continuing review of money center banks generally and may to some extent be an overreaction
Mr. Giuliani estimated that the investors who were limited partners in Mr. Atkins's ventures will have to pay a minimum of two hundred million dollars in taxes though the final figure will be probably much higher
In January and February nineteen companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange split their stock three for two or better
The measure backed by the recording industry passed twenty four to eighteen
Foreign operations accounted for nearly one third of Mellon's profits five years ago but by nineteen eighty five they produced only two percent of profits and last year they lost money
The House bill's cap which was added by Democratic Representative Frank Annunzio of Illinois would limit credit card interest rates to no more than eight percentage points above the yield on one year Treasury bills with the ceiling adjusted quarterly
He couldn't be reached for further comment and other executives declined to elaborate
Standard and Poor's five hundred stock index fell one point two six to three hundred point three eight and the New York Stock Exchange composite index lost zero point five eight to one hundred seventy point five oh
Zhao however acknowledged some criticism leveled recently by Communist Party conservatives who advocate a slower approach to economic change
And when Gwinnett County pressed for more cooperation from its thirteen municipalities last summer with a resolution asking the municipalities to stop annexing wayward development projects some of the municipalities thumbed their noses
We must take note of the fact that some people favoring reform and the open policy are not sober minded enough and that others who stress adherence to Marxist principles are not mentally emancipated enough Mr. Zhao said
Alan Turner has also been in a period of transition in recent years as the trees in his earlier paintings gradually metamorphosed into human figures
One ex pal recounts how Jackie would draw her out about problems with her abusive husband then used the confidences in The Love Machine. After the woman protested Ms. Susann sent her a five hundred dollar check for her consultation
Environmentalists saying they want to study the opinion nevertheless said its effect may be limited to the standard for injunctions under the nineteen eighty law
It was just something my name was used for and I don't know anything about it Mr. Fain says
When you go through a period in which the world's great power seems to be in decline you are going to get all kinds of rending and wrenching
I want to build a house for my family
One French diplomat says Mr. Gorbachev will highlight that emphasis during Mrs. Thatcher's visit because he has probably made up his mind that the maximum he'll get out of President Reagan's last two years is an agreement on medium range missiles
The final six contestants will have their columns printed in the paper and readers and a panel of experts will help select the winner
The steel concern said the increase is being made to reflect current market conditions
Otherwise the latest increase in durable goods orders was widespread with transportation orders rising a sharp eleven point one percent after an eighteen percent plunge in January
But the candidate asserted I have a very substantial constituency and that's the American people
He confers with her almost daily something he didn't do with her predecessor and has subjected himself to her crash course in computers
For one thing for the past several weeks overall sales generally have been running at levels slightly below those of a year ago
The dollar decline we've had already has begun to cut into imports
General Motors Corporation was awarded a seventeen point eight million dollar Navy contract for T. fifty six aircraft engines
We consider the offer to be a fair one and think it's unfortunate from the Calny shareholders' standpoint that the board has chosen to reject it a PepsiCo spokesman said
The magazine's first wine column appeared in the March issue it is to be a regular feature
The new rules typically will apply to semiconductors microprocessors and other electronic equipment
When U. S. aid was cut off some of these pilots were apparently paid through the private network overseen by Colonel North
The cut in military spending for fiscal nineteen eighty eight amounts essentially to a freeze of budget authority at the fiscal nineteen eighty seven level
It came pretty much where people expected said Alan G. Bozian a first vice president at Union Bank of Switzerland in New York
They twisted it around he said explaining that the company was only responding to Dart's request for an indication of the kind of benefits package helpful to ensure management continuity
Limited sank one and one eighth to forty seven and one half in active trading
Citicorp said American Express's new Optima card won't pose a significant challenge to bank credit cards for two to three years
Equally important the major oil producers who jumped into plastics during an industry boom in the nineteen seventies now are less likely to make such a move says Leonard Bogner a Prudential Bache Securities analyst
The brochures were disparaging and harmful to the company and their distribution violated company regulations an American spokesman says
An Indian rocket crashed into the Bay of Bengal minutes after lifting off in an attempt to place a satellite into orbit
Data Systems used to have ten separate business units each seeking its own destiny Mr. Cassoni said
Chapman said that without the restructuring it would have to seek federal bankruptcy law protection
They shape spinning blocks of steel on heavy lathes
But they don't always go that way
The large contract Mr. Mendoza's company won was awarded under the set aside program
Gordon was a very strong lobbyist he had very good friends on Capitol Hill and at the S. E. C. says Peter DaPuzzo senior executive vice president and head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated
As chief executive of Security Pacific Corporation a bank with a nearly one point two billion dollar stake in Brazil and Mexico he wants a new approach
These attitudes are pervasive reflecting each nation's character and heritage and tend to persist despite any immediate rise or fall in concern
Her smile is wan and uncertain as she adds I would have aborted this one but I didn't have the money
But many farm political experts don't expect any changes in the nation's twenty billion dollar a year farm subsidy program this year as radical as those in the Harkin Gephardt bill
In another court action connected with the business broker field Robert Fischer a thirty eight year old marketing representative at Digital Equipment Corporation in Amherst N. H. two years ago sued a franchisee of V. R. Business Brokers Incorporated of Needham Massachusetts the nation's largest chain of franchised business brokers
Jay Bernstein executive producer of Houston Knights a police drama that premiered on C. B. S. March eleventh says the show's short order tryout has increased its chances for success
Don't kill them
The Supreme Court lets stand a ruling that four controllers were fired illegally because they were on official leave to negotiate for the union at the time of the strike
Real estate and construction shares were mixed because of lackluster news in the domestic demand area
A. M. C. sold A. M. General to L. T. V. Corporation in nineteen eighty three but agreed to assume any losses resulting from the Emerson claim
Things are usually quiet
The Securities and Exchange Commission and a federal grand jury are probing Endotronics's operations
Then we'd run away because they would whip us
Lawyers for Olympia asked the appeals court for a rehearing and sharply criticized the ruling's author Judge Richard Posner an antitrust expert appointed by President Reagan
Adds writer and historian Khushwant Singh It's just the usual stumbling from crisis to crisis
Mr. Sosnoff wasn't available to comment but a source close to him said these guys Pratt and Southmark approached him and he thought it could be a good deal
Traders said many had sold borrowed stock short late Friday in hope of buying it back at lower prices when yesterday's trading got under way
Hertz is worth forty dollars a share she says and the hotels twenty five dollars a share
In addition a major South African smelting plant is having maintenance problems said an analyst who also noted published reports that a Philippine plant was having shipment problems
Burns Fry is also a major participant in the Canadian government bond market
His school friends teased him calling him a film nut
By the end of the year we hope to have several
An attorney for Mr. Boesky couldn't be reached yesterday
Indeed Cleveland is to be the future home of the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame
He knew as every chief executive officer learns sooner or later that there are no pleasant surprises
Judge Farris died last September after a long battle with cancer and heart disease
In Cupertino California Andy E. Procassini president of the Semiconductor Industry Association said it is too soon to conclude that U. S. companies won't join the center
The offering would have a value of six hundred million dollars to seven hundred million dollars
That may be
Bond prices edged higher yesterday after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries apparently hit a snag in its latest efforts to cut production and drive up oil prices
A move to grant Israel interest rate relief failed in Congress last year
And there will be some more of that said Aetna chairman James T. Lynn
InterFirst with eighteen point five billion dollars in assets as of September thirtieth has one point oh nine billion dollars in nonperforming loans or an unhealthy seven point nine percent of total loans and other assets
Asbestos health claimants property damage claimants commercial creditors and holders of preferred all had approved the plan
The amount wasn't disclosed
In case you've been out of the country lately Mr. Boesky arranged with Mr. Levine who was working for Drexel Burnham to get advance information on takeover deals Drexel was handling
This continuous blast from the rear of the engine pushes a jet forward
Flow Systems Incorporated said it sued Ingersoll Rand Company and Lockheed Corporation alleging that the companies infringed upon two patents relating to Flow Systems' water jet cutting equipment
It has been frittering away its chances something that has been evident in the listlessness with which it has regarded the selection of a new managing director at the I. M. F.
More significant the Soviets are building a widespread network of highly sophisticated radars able not only to track enemy warheads but also to guide A. B. M. interceptors to destroy these incoming weapons
ON DECEMBER second the winter's first major storm struck the Carolina and Virginia coasts battering beachfront cottages and condominiums
Ms. Bullaty Sudek's assistant after World War two offers an intimate glimpse of the inner man
Once he even lectured to inebriated patrons at a bar where an ethnic studies group was meeting
These numbers look pretty good but they are not a convincing indication of a major upturn in the economy said Donald Straszheim president of Merrill Lynch Economics Incorporated You've got to wait until you get evidence of how the economy is doing post January first under the new tax bill
Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago trustee of Wedtech's fourteen percent senior subordinated notes was listed in court papers as Wedtech's largest unsecured creditor with a seventy five million dollar claim on behalf of the note holders
The investors didn't give a reason for raising their holdings
Let's push our noses against the aquarium glass and watch the big resplendent fish of this and other days glide through their gilded halls unblushing acquisitive sportif fur lined and fun
In addition to the endless fascination of the pictorial autobiography the pictures reveal six well known Picasso scholars have provided illuminating explanatory texts and a checklist of all the known Picasso sketchbooks is also given
Central Capital is a Halifax Nova Scotia financial services concern
In that period AccuRay earned one point seven million dollars or forty one cents a share on sales of one hundred ten point three million dollars
As previously reported Mr. Trump sold the Holiday stake last month reaping a profit of thirty five million dollars
Currently the settlements are based on closing quotes on expiration day in keeping with the usual settlement practices on futures and options exchanges
At one stage early yesterday Treasury bond prices were down about three quarters of a point or seven dollars and fifty cents for each one thousand dollar face amount
Unterberg and Towbin hold a combined seven percent of the company's sixteen point six million common shares according to Mr. Schoenthal
The new dosage is one tenth of the one milliliter dose in current use
Other analysts however said they were confused by Beneficial's announcement but still confident that Beneficial would complete some kind of sale before year's end
But some states can't offer help
The complaint alleges that proxy materials Lucky mailed to shareholders about the reincorporation contain misrepresentations omissions and half truths
Secaucus N. J. based Metromedia which has sold most of its operations hasn't yet sold its remaining cellular telephone interests
L. F. Rothschild Unterberg said two top officers are leaving
Mickelberry historically hasn't been a star advertising performer while its revenue increased every year from nineteen eighty three to nineteen eighty five net income dropped steadily and the company posted a one point eight million dollar loss last year
And one feature of the transaction isolates some of the Texas banking company's nonperforming loans into a separate entity
SunPoint with assets of about seven hundred thirty million dollars operates eighteen branches in Palm Beach Saint Lucie Martin and Broward counties
Mission operators said the plane which damaged its wings on takeoff Sunday was in good condition and would proceed with what is expected to be a ten day flight
FLEET FINANCIAL GROUP INCORPORATED shelf filing for as much as four hundred ninety seven point two million dollars of debt securities and warrants to buy debt securities
Penn Central Corporation said it completed the previously announced sale of its retail propane distribution business for four hundred fifteen million dollars to a closely held company
Existing facilities at the Newark slash Elizabeth N. J. terminal handled three hundred seventy five thousand cars in all of nineteen eighty five he said and in this year's first six months two hundred fifty one thousand were handled
American Banker didn't think these transactions were routine The story led the paper
The spokesman emphasized that computers that have not been serviced or modified can't explode
The report was the last of three that stemmed from President Reagan's call in his State of the Union address for an evaluation of programs and a strategy for immediate action to meet the financial educational social and safety concerns of poor families
But many subjects do as they are told and reflect later
As previously reported British authorities are investigating Guinness for possible violations of British law during the Distillers battle
But the Treasury denied that any such accord was imminent and neither of the officials gave any indication over the weekend that such an agreement was being discussed
The Brunei Finance Ministry alleges that ninety percent or five hundred ninety four million dollars of the bank's loan portfolio is with concerns associated with Tan Sri Khoo
But all of these laws give the president special leeway in cases of national security and the courts generally have been reluctant to abridge that power
Any recovery won't come easily
The fact is it's a cheap stock
This puts a premium on foresight flexibility and luck
Governor Bruce R. Babbitt D. Arizona speaking before the American Association of Retired Persons in Anaheim California last May twenty eighth
That might some day be viable for something like this said Stephen Wunsch a vice president at Kidder
In Brockton Mr. Buchanan declined to comment on Union Warren's suit pending a review of it
But John Morton a newspaper industry analyst for Lynch Jones and Ryan New York estimated that Allbritton had paid about twelve million dollars to thirteen million dollars for the paper in nineteen eighty one
Wrung out and exhausted they agreed that they were somehow sorry to see the guy get trapped after so many stellar defensive moves
In primitive societies people could always blame failure on a whim of the gods
Portfolio insurance has mushroomed to nearly a fifty dollar billion a year business in the past three years
GIBRALTAR FINANCIAL CORPORATION shareholders approved a doubling of the number of authorized common shares to seventy million
The White House has set up a task force on insider trading to study whether changes are needed in federal laws in light of the Ivan F. Boesky scandal spokesman Larry Speakes said
Its assets were sold at auction shortly after
That's an indicator of improving business activity rather than what lies ahead on the inflation front said Donald Ratajczak who heads the forecasting project at Georgia State University
Today represents a milestone for Herbalife a solid foundation that is built on the confidence given to us today by statements issued by state and federal regulatory agenices
For the first nine months Mattel's net income fell seventy five percent to eighteen point six million dollars or thirty one cents a share from seventy three point four million dollars or one dollar and thirty seven cents a share a year earlier
No agreement was reached in the talks which Mr. Hendry described as very disappointing
At the new specialty store concern made up of the twenty two outlet Neiman Marcus chain one hundred sixty two Contempo Casuals stores and New York's Bergdorf Goodman a corporate management structure hasn't been picked
Moody's cited high levels of nonperforming assets and the soft economy in the operating area of the Boise Idaho based company
A lot of the more active players will be finished for the year by the middle of the week said John Lynam vice president of foreign exchange at Security Pacific National Bank New York
The sources said the financial arrangement was worked out in meetings in the Cayman Islands and Geneva in March nineteen eighty six
First Chicago wouldn't comment but it is known that the parent company of First National Bank of Chicago believes it has cut its exposure to Drexel's junk bond portfolio to a fraction of what it was a month ago
Everything was given a fresh coat of cream colored paint
He died a few days later
Science announces its preliminary successes against such destructive diseases as cancer and Alzheimer's and then the federal bureaucracy that regulates American science tells the country's citizens they will have to wait years until the system officially approves what science has discovered
However for the movement to be involved two things have to happen First the positions of the candidates have to be compatible with the movement groups and second the campaigns have to reach out in one form or another to conservative activists
In the final weeks of the bitter fight Guinness's offer priced partly in its own shares remained narrowly better than Argyll's offer which had been worth more earlier in the contest
The Syntelligence program arrives at such a judgment on the basis of answers to objective questions such as How many years has the team been together
The probability for the rest of the month is that it will go to two point oh five West German marks up from last week's low of about one point nine six marks said Varick Martin vice president of foreign exchange at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets New York
In contrast so called normal inventories are about five point two billion the nineteen eighty four level
Product sellers and consumers alike are chafing at new restrictions on individual retirement accounts and tax shelters
An attorney representing the Slatkins couldn't be reached over the weekend for comment
The agreements with the U. S. reflect the Soviet Union's effort to move toward the world's economic mainstream
As for the tanks on the attack they were bunched too close together
Official figures aren't available yet but tallying by the Independence Evening Post a national daily newspaper said the D. P. P. garnered twenty two percent of the votes compared with sixteen point eight percent for opposition candidates in nineteen eighty three
He says its costs of connecting its long distance network with those operated by local phone companies will soon stop rising as a percentage of revenue
United Technologies plans to cut twenty percent of the salaried posts at its Hamilton Standard unit in the next year
And many individual investors purchased shares intending to sell them immediately analysts said
These differences must be resolved for the first time in twenty four years without Mr. Yamani once the group's foremost strategist
Connecticut officials said the decision affirms their right to restrict financial services giants from moving into the state in order to gather deposits
The National Cancer Institute said the death rate from cancer is decreasing for Americans under age fifty five despite a slow increase in the incidence of the disease among the age group
Rate sensitive institutional investors likewise shifted dollars from money funds Mr. Johnson said to higher yielding short term securities available in the marketplace
But the employees who do not have legal ownership have a very real stake in the future of the corporation
American Barrick Resources Corporation said it plans to bring its Holt McDermott gold property in northern Ontario into production by early nineteen eighty eight at a cost of about fifty million dollars Canadian
Initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits totaled a seasonally adjusted three hundred sixty four thousand in the week ended November twenty second unchanged from the previous week the Labor Department said
But there are those mostly teen agers who pay for the privilege
For several months last year Tegucigalpa halted U. S. aid shipments to the Contras
The owners of Prudent Nominees weren't immediately determined
U. S. institutions have invested more than one hundred billion dollars in funds that track indexes most often the S. and P. five hundred
Administration tactics so far have ensured a treacherous time to come
They are accused of having links to the Islamic Jihad or Holy War group blamed for Mr. Sadat's death
The failed bank's one office is scheduled to open today as a branch of Marquette
He says it will strengthen his claim that Cajun while owing its roots to French is neither a dialect nor broken French but a unique American language created in Louisiana by Louisianians
Sales were five hundred seventy million dollars in its fiscal year ended June twenty eighth
The issue here is not clean water
In the restructuring closely held Anschutz would swap its preferred and waive accrued dividends and certain other claims in return for thirty point six million new Ideal common shares
L. C. P. had been a fairly active speculative takeover stock for some time he said
Doctor Mishra denies reports that some gas victims have gone blind
The figure includes estimated increases resulting from cost of living allowance clauses
Yesterday's move is now expected to set off a scramble by foreign securities firms and Canadian banks for acquisitions in the brokerage industry
C. F. S. alone is worth about six hundred million dollars he says and the corn milling business is valuable because it's in the early stages of a major earnings improvement
Separately Honeywell Incorporated said it sold its South African affiliate Honeywell Party to Murray and Roberts a construction and engineering firm based in Johannesburg
If you're interested just in money you stick with one network because there's a premium for exclusivity he explains
We expect him to be in control of the situation she says
The unsold balance as of late yesterday was only about eight million dollars
The question of whether to buy at a prearranged price or at market prices also is unresolved according to Sandra Kaul analyst for Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated New York
A committee aide wouldn't characterize Mr. Gates's testimony but Senator Durenberger said that none of yesterday's witnesses invoked the Fifth Amendment
The Du Pont equity interest rose sharply to one hundred thirty nine point eight million dollars from thirty four point four million dollars
Pennsylvania Engineering disclosed that it bought the stock with the proceeds of debt and equity offerings Drexel handled the debt offering
Olin officials denied that top management had knowledge of any improper payments
The company currently prices new titles at seventy nine dollars and ninety five cents next year's releases such as The Fly and Aliens will be sold at eighty nine dollars and ninety five cents or ninety nine dollars and ninety five cents
The report also said that Mr. Colino instructed Intelsat executives to backdate and rewrite documents pertaining to the payment in order to justify their actions
Proceeds from the offering will be used to provide initial capital for the bank
British Caledonian based in Crawley England will buy nine of the airliners for nearly one billion dollars the maker of defense aerospace and computer products said
Sooner said Mr. Gollust resigned to pursue personal business activities
Terms weren't disclosed
More land could mean bigger houses too
Video Sellers a Tokyo based operator of sake bars and marketer of software for video sing along machines is the main investor in one of several coalitions known as kaishime or corner groups
The company received the shares as part of the payment from its sale of Investors Diversified Services to American Express in nineteen eighty four
ELECTRONIC MAIL CORPORATION OF AMERICA one million units each consisting of three common shares and three redeemable common stock purchase warrants via First Jersey Securities Incorporated
Peru's consumer prices increased three point six percent in November from the previous month the National Statistics Institute said
The mine is China's largest joint venture with a foreign concern and will be the country's biggest coal mine
Ironically Mr. Roodt who is white made his first two features for black audiences in Zulu
The original claim which was the largest defective pricing action ever taken by the Pentagon sent shock waves among defense contractors
Then again touting Messrs.
We retain veto power over anything our distributors propose says Bob Inhofe director of distribution
Any student who is very bright is not going to look on those as very desirable places to work
Another reason is that the Federal Election Commission doesn't have much stomach for enforcement
In addition taxpayers who don't itemize will no longer be able to take any charitable deduction
But following explosive U. S. demand for fish as a health food protective regulations such as the Magnuson Act of nineteen seventy six aimed at giving priority to U. S. fishermen in U. S. waters and U. S. fishermen's recognition of the enormous market for pollack in Japan U. S. fishermen this year will account for sixty five percent to seventy percent of the bottomfish catch in U. S. waters off Alaska
The president is in trouble because the arms shipments to Iran conflicted with his anti terrorist rhetoric
The plaintiff was listed as Abraham Duman a trustee of the Pamela Duman Trust a holder of an unspecified number of G. M. common and Class E. shares
This year Wharton Econometric Forecasting Associates estimates man hours worked in the industry will fall three point two percent while output per hour will rise five point three percent
The troubled computer maker said the plan will deal with Geac's current financial situation
Thinking to put Illinois State University to shame I invited my junior high school grandson to tell us what he knew about Christ
The price was below Mesa Limited Partnership's closing price of seventeen dollars
In the over the counter market the Nasdaq O. T. C. composite index rose two point three three to three hundred sixty three point oh four as volume expanded to one hundred thirty four point four million shares from one hundred thirty point nine million Tuesday
Alleghany Corporation said it will save about sixty nine million dollars in taxes if its proposed liquidation is approved and carried out before the end of the year
Cache said rights of common stock and warrant holders won't be changed
M. B. I. A. has been under pressure from the New York state Department of Insurance and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to restructure into an independent monoline concern with its own pool of capital according to Sandra Siegel chief examiner of the Insurance Regulatory Systems Bureau of New York state
He will have oversight responsibilities for the Texaco Middle East slash Far West division as well as for Texaco Oil Trading and Supply Company which is responsible for world wide purchases and sales of crude oil and petroleum products
And a supplemental appropriation for the current fiscal year would face an uncertain fate given the requirement under the Gramm Rudman law for offsetting rescissions in other programs
The company's fees and the cost of providing insurance are covered by the difference between what it makes investing the premium and the interest it pays
INTEREST on underpayments caused by retroactive law starts running right after a fiscal year concern's nineteen eighty six return was due I. R. S. official Peter Scott insists we would strongly resist claims that interest can't begin before the tax act became law October twenty second he says
He has advocated tough uncompromising actions against student drug use including searches by school officials that would be illegal if done by the police
Often they have been threatened that something bad will happen to them or their loved ones if they tell
Richard Armour
When he abandoned his wife and four small children to run away with a woman named June Bryde he plucked his current name from a magazine article about prominent Germans Werner from Werner Heisenberg a physicist and philosopher and Erhard from Ludwig Erhard the political leader
Today as Turkish engineers begin work on a second such bridge to Europe their prime minister is already busy on the political economic and cultural one
The Duden a dictionary that originated in Germany is also based on pictures but both men felt it was outdated and hard to use
But with a trade deficit of two point one billion dollars in the year ended June thirtieth Canberra is coming under increasing pressure to allow additional mines
He said he was paid to advise Cilag on how the company might proceed since they had done a lousy job of testing the drug
After Miss Story finished Stan Gordon the superintendent who decided to bypass her was called before the board
It didn't trade yesterday
The surplus resulted from thirty point one billion dollars in operating revenue seven hundred sixteen million dollars in government appropriations and three hundred seventeen million dollars earned on investments
Even the chemical production processes used in Bhopal were developed by Indian researchers
In Saint Louis yesterday a McDonnell Douglas spokesman wouldn't confirm or deny the British Caledonian order
But H. H. S. officials believe they could refuse to pay Medicare bad debts administratively through the regulation process
Chrysler in fact has opposed demands by Ford and G. M. that federal officials relax standards or boost fleet test scores
Mr. McFarlane and Colonel North flew to Iran from Israel May twenty eighth on a plane loaded with cardboard boxes containing spare parts for the Iranian military
In late New York trading yesterday the dollar stood at one point nine seven seven three West German marks up from one point nine six six five Monday
Many observers don't anticipate significant changes unless other major Wall Street figures are implicated as many expect some to be
A definitive accord must be reached by March thirty first
And a consultant to G. M. said It doesn't seem to be Perot's style to let this die
That depends largely on the December twelfth 12th release of The Golden Child starring Eddie Murphy
He contends there's only a fifty percent chance of a discount rate cut in coming months and then possibly to only five and one quarter percent
Standard and Poor's Corporation said it lowered its rating on the Los Angeles based entertainment concern's subordinated debt to single B. minus from single B.
The result of this trip was substantial savings to the banks because they got a better price for their bonds in Europe Shannon Fairbanks the Bank Board chief of staff said last night
The New York Stock Exchange composite index rose two point seven oh to one hundred forty five point oh nine just shy of the record one hundred forty five point seven five
Now it's front and center
Besides his carrying costs Mr. Silverstein must also worry about the estimated forty million dollars worth of loans that real estate industry sources say he personally guaranteed
In addition M. C. I. said it plans from time to time to buy back as many as fifteen million of its two hundred eighty three point two million common shares outstanding subject to market conditions
The suit filed in federal court here by Hartford Sugar Company of Palm Beach Florida charges that the eighty eight dollars and fifty cents a share paid last month by C. P. C. for much of Mr. Perelman's eight point two percent stake in C. P. C. was excessive
Such intelligence is priceless when trading gives way to volatile herd psychology which is most of the time
But a source close to the restructuring says the yards believe they can recoup more money if Wah Kwong fails to take delivery of the ships
As a result of the efforts roughly ten million dollars has been tied up by U. S. and French courts
The trial in France thus could prove academic
However setting up a venture with an equal stake for both the U. S. and Japanese company is a first among disk manufacturers Mr. Johnson said
Ohio's new earlier primary date is a matter of survival Senator Aronoff says
During the eighteen month negotiations to sell C. G. C. T. involving American Telephone and Telegraph Company in partnership with N. V. Philips of the Netherlands Siemens A. G. of West Germany L. M. Ericsson Telefon A. B. of Sweden and Plessey Company of Britain it had been unclear whether the same rules would apply if a company is denationalized by being sold directly to another company rather than floated on the market
They told me if I came back to work they would take care of me says Mr. Minor who did so against a doctor's recommendation
For now many defense lawyers are proceeding cautiously
Cyanamid's personal care and household products include Old Spice men's toiletries Combat insect control products and Pine Sol liquid cleaner
In nineteen eighty three the Strategic Defense Initiative came about from this type of process
The livestock systems division makes feed mixers and other products associated with raising cattle
All three of yesterday's offerings were largely specialized products rather than traditional floating rate notes appealing to a cross section of market investors dealers added
Congress often approves these projects without reviewing meaningful cost benefit data
The suit is similar to one Hybritech filed in nineteen eighty four against Monoclonal Antibodies Incorporated a Mountain View California biotechnology concern
The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and the Teamsters argue that federal law requires that deference be given to trustees' decisions
But be warned Investors in these securities were hurt last year as the Australian dollar sank against the U. S. dollar
The grocery chain which previously had said it was negotiating to sell the unit said the agreement calls for Checker to be sold to closely held Northern Pacific Corporation New York in late December
An Arrow spokesman said the company was aware of Leading Edge's investment and didn't know how it would respond to a Leading Edge takeover effort
That money would instead be used to create a corporation that would subsidize work in government and non profit agencies for welfare recipients who couldn't find work in the private sector
If the kingdom tries to maintain an eighteen dollar posted price it may have to devalue the riyal quite a lot to get enough funds to keep its budget anywhere near balance
Traders are hearing buzzwords like Watergate and selling the dollar Mr. Stanley said
N. E. C. makes the central processing units for both Honeywell's and Bull's largest computers and produces personal computers for Honeywell
Shortly after G. M. announced his resignation and said it bought his G. M. stock for seven hundred fifty million dollars Mr. Perot issued a statement that said I cannot accept this money without giving the G. M. directors another chance to consider this decision
The rally was thwarted by thousands of riot police who barricaded streets and clashed with those demanding direct presidential elections
The thirteen thousand dollars reimbursement was for a private plane that was chartered by the district banks for Mr. Gray when he was in Indianapolis at a meeting and learned his father was dying
This might open them up to legal problems said Eugene Sit a Minneapolis money manager who owns nearly five hundred thousand Class E. shares
The middle is the worst place to be
The company's objections to Mr. Edelman's overtures had apparently stemmed partly from the fact that a formal offer hadn't been made
Some we will shut down completely and others will be curtailed Mr. Kastelic added
The company also was able to decrease expenses by moving manufacturing to Las Vegas from Carlsbad California Mr. Fulton said
Regulatory net worth is based on a complicated accounting formula he said and the formula doesn't make allowance for our shrunken asset base
We are all trying to change the corporation the reorganization we actually started before we even knew how to spell Ross Perot he said in an interview with the Detroit Free Press
But care should be taken not to allow one form of activity to taint what may be the beginning of a very positive trend
The twelve b. one fees which are taken from assets annually have grown from a routine twenty five basis points to an extreme of as much as two hundred basis points or two percent of a fund's assets
To handle the sensitive issue of proprietary information the principals in the programs rely on gentlemen's agreements
Another time I got a haughty press release from a New York copywriting outfit offering to provide legends in the making to compose for clients on a per diem basis
A central concept in systematic investing is dollar cost averaging
In these sweeping performances Mr. Wild maintains his pre eminence in the field blending scholarship and showmanship to achieve power without bombast
Even though Bob's mother has been able to keep D. J. at home all these years Bob is terrified of the responsibility and filled with regret at the promise he had made at age twenty one that he would never allow D. J. to be institutionalized
Furthermore Soviet bullion trading has had major setbacks in recent years
On the coldest nights two winters ago Jim did stay at an overnight shelter at Saint Clement's
It has been clean the longest
Kenneth Stewart a technician at a Bell Helicopter plant in Fort Worth Texas has an answer
An investment oriented couple in Saint Paul Minnesota for instance would come out ahead financially if they scaled back their home purchase plans and put the resulting savings into a mutual fund counsels Douglas A. Lennick manager of an I. D. S. Financial Services Incorporated branch in Saint Paul
Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated in a recently issued report predicted that the acute reduction in drilling will continue through nineteen eighty seven resulting in a fully balanced gas market in nineteen eighty eight
The Christian Science Monitor published by the Christian Science Church bought the station from closely held Santa Monica California based W. Q. T. V. Incorporated
And in an analysis of sixty cases assigned to summary trial the judge concluded his court would save twenty thousand dollars a day in jury costs alone by avoiding full trials
But Mr. Knepp says he isn't discouraged
Fidelity's Magellan also has big holdings in smaller financial services stocks
While ulcer sufferers can buy a daily dose of Tagamet in Bangkok for the equivalent of one dollar and sixty eight cents about the same as it costs in the U. S. a daily dose of Cimulcer costs only sixty one cents
Artra Group which agreed to acquire Sargent Welch for about one hundred million dollars in October said it expects to complete the transaction within forty five days
You have to have a business plan Ms. Spero says adding that without one owners are only making wishful guesses
The story began when two independent bottlers that handle about twenty percent of Coke's U. S. sales owned by Beatrice and J. T. L. of Chattanooga Tennessee came up for sale this year
Two years ago the figure was only nine percent
Their sixth meeting came one Saturday last month on the Life campus here
He is less optimistic about making big money by investing
That decision didn't look so good a few weeks later when the steep September slide finally led Mr. Matthews to sell the majority of his stock holdings and move into money market funds
It defends every instance of purported difficulty with a transaction as being routine or because of forces outside Drexel or blown out of proportion by competitors and other naysayers
Tarmac P. L. C. another British concern plans to acquire control of Lone Star's operations in Virginia and the Carolinas
Few financial scams have had such far reaching effects
It's an investment everybody dreams about he says
Be sure to see any agreement in writing they say
This year a month long car trip took them as far as Vancouver British Columbia
Most of the time they can't describe the possible corporate benefits to an attorney after the spouse dies she says
Commodities Dow Jones futures index one hundred nineteen point four one up one point four seven spot index one hundred nineteen point five eight up zero point two two
Mr. Regan and some unidentified officials also claimed that any documents Lieutenant Colonel North might have destroyed would have been duplicated in the National Security Council's central files
They say the figure doesn't include loans to the bank's largest shareholder Tan Sri Khoo Teck Puat and other Khoo controlled concerns
Fujitsu of course has been a presence in Silicon Valley since nineteen seventy one when it put up much of the money needed to start computer maker Amdahl Corporation because no U. S. investor would
The government's huge financing needs once again are dominating the credit markets
It's been real good to me in helping me make money Mr. Henkel said of the industry in a recent talk to thrift executives in Los Angeles
Japan is not at all expensive for those who live Japanese style
One Aaron Burr is infamous having killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel
And Honda is said to be preparing itself for one hundred twenty yen
But if you tried to add up all the boonie rats in all the maneuver battalions and threw in all the combat assault chopperjocks lurps doorgunners forward observers dust off pilots hunter killer teams green beenies ARVN advisers CIDG leaders SEALs and everyone else who on any given day was actually in the bush or over it or even close to it you couldn't count much beyond sixty thousand
This takes time The team has finished only twenty buildings in its first year has another eighty under study and has no idea when it will complete all the one thousand or so that need work
For personal reasons F. B. I. Director J. Edgar Hoover was not conducting an aggressive investigation of Mr. Ellsberg so over Labor Day weekend in nineteen seventy one a plumbers group organized a break in to see whether it could find out more about the motivations contacts and intentions of the man who had already done so much to damage national security
More than fifty years ago A. T. and T. was allowed to consolidate its monopoly over telephone service in return for submitting to federal and state regulation
Since nineteen seventy two black social workers have successfully lobbied to reduce transracial adoptions of all minority groups from a high of about two thousand five hundred forty a year in nineteen seventy one to less than half of that in recent years
Software developed with Apple's help include music composition and theory programs writing analysis programs and a theatrical staging simulator in which a director can try out various ways of arranging and moving actors in a play
Most important the governors would require that welfare recipients do something productive in exchange for their benefits be it completing school receiving vocational training or holding a job
An I. M. F. agreement is the crucial first step for Egypt toward getting access to both debt relief and outside aid over an eighteen month period
The lawsuit claims among other things that Oliver's has overstated the value of its inventory thus overstating its current assets
Navigators Group is a property and casualty insurance company specializing in marine and aviation insurance
Among the new businesses some utilities have invested in are savings banks insurance venture capital paper making land development and cable television
The durable goods plunge was so big that a few analysts suspect it may be a fluke
Koch Oil Company Southland Corporation's Citgo Petroleum Corporation unit Phillips Petroleum Company and Diamond Shamrock Corporation all lowered the price they pay for the U. S. benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate one dollar and fifty cents a barrel to sixteen dollars
Losses are mounting in the European floating rate note market which many investors are deserting to invest in floating rate C. M. O.'s instead
The future of the industry's new no refund policy which was introduced with MaxSavers is also unclear
The stock has been recommended by several Wall Street firms in the past two sessions
More significant many analysts view the U. S. market as relatively undervalued because it has lagged behind foreign counterparts for the past three years
They are upset that it calls for tougher retaliation against economic adversaries the nearest equivalent in Japanese translation is enemies
We're substantially under leveraged a company official said
The volume of new floating rate notes which shrank twenty percent last year to thirty eight billion dollars from a record forty seven point seven billion dollars in nineteen eighty five has dwindled to less than one billion dollars so far this year
The phone lines are going to be clogged Mr. Cohen says
In the past Doctor Thanos could postpone taxes on some of his income by using this device
Companies that pay out a significant part of their profits in the form of dividends Mr. Morten says subject shareholders to double taxation
What might seem to be an unpardonable digression is in fact a justifiable series of flashbacks that set the scene for the coming quarrel and that prove the charge of Soviet culpability
Says economic consultant Jorge Rochac President Duarte is giving priority to political objectives at the cost of economic and social objectives
four
United Video estimated that eight hundred thousand cable subscribers in the U. S. can't receive any network signal
As a result tax advisers recommend that people who planned to make charitable donations in the next few years consider lumping some together this year
Guarantee's chairman Lewis S. Eaton and members of his family control about forty percent of the thrift and until recently hadn't shown any interest in selling
The management group said its final offer is contingent on the board agreeing to use its best efforts to cause the mailing of proxies detailing the proposal to shareholders if directors accept the new offer
Some optimists think the next couple of years could offer patient investors a chance to buy attractive properties at low prices
The first fifty thousand dollars of corporate taxable income is subject to tax rates of only eighteen percent in nineteen eighty seven and fifteen percent in nineteen eighty eight
OTHER INCOME. Include state and local tax refunds
The basic withdrawal rules weren't changed
But beware it's there
After an hour and a half Mr. Lands closed his folder and headed back to work but not before lamenting the latest changes in the tax law
But when a nonqualified option is exercised the benefit that is taxable for the executive is deductible for the company
INTEREST CHARGES The consumer interest deduction will be phased out over the next four years but continue to collect records of loan and charge card interest until then
Within the U. S. private contributions for the Contras appear to have been funneled through a series of nonprofit organizations
To compound his problems Mr. Richman faces big expectations from Wall Street
In Orthodox theology venerating an icon is a way of venerating the holy person who is represented
In the year ago quarter the pipeline reconstruction concern earned two hundred ninety nine thousand nine hundred thirty dollars or four cents a share on revenue of two point six million dollars
Lead underwriter is Dominion Securities Incorporated
Mr. Zimbler fifty four years old succeeds Paul Zanowski fifty two who resigned in November nineteen eighty six
Mr. Abel is a literary critic in New York
Sharply disappointed he charged Attorney General Edwin Meese to investigate and it was soon learned as announced by the president himself on November twenty fifth that in the alleged diversion of funds to the contras some laws might have been broken
This statement reminds me of my children wanting to do something wrong and justifying it with but everyone else is doing it
Treasury Secretary James A. Baker the third yesterday assured the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that Brazil and the American banks will work out some arrangement
The place setting did have a few fans
The warrants must be exercised prior to midnight March thirtieth the insulation products and sheathing panels concern said
A fireworks show scheduled to begin a year to the minute after Mr. Marcos fled sparked wide debate about just when Mr. Marcos in fact had fled
For employers finding and maintaining a halfway literate work force is a grind
Let us remember that those who would take it on themselves to declassify vital information endanger all of our lives our freedom and our way of life
But many Koreans fear the protests will provoke the military to resume a greater government role
Indeed last year marked one of the biggest breakdowns of the budget system
But it wasn't without some pain for investors with short positions because the price of the stock rose thirty nine percent to twenty four dollars and seventy five cents on February thirteenth from seventeen dollars and seventy five cents in mid January
Since the latest investigation into improper payments began S. M. U.'s president its athletic director and head football coach have resigned
The stock reached a nineteen eighty seven high of fifteen point one two five dollars on January twenty second the date BankAmerica reported a slight eighty two million dollar fourth quarter profit
If they come down heavy on the defendants it might help the psychology of the bondholders' case said Paul Bernstein a New York attorney who represents a large bondholders group
And how are practitioners to advertise their qualifications
Mr. Galef who also became chairman of Warnaco last April said in an interview that he and two other W. Acquisition principals had been queried by an S. E. C. official about the acquisition and had voluntarily talked with him
Stanley Brand a Washington lawyer and former legal counsel to the House said it is a question of strict separation of powers versus separation that's got some play in the joints
Previous equipment only allowed a transfer of text from P. C. software programs
The Toyota Camry is priced at ten thousand nine hundred ninety eight dollars
Traders said there was strong buying interest for drug semiconductor thrift and some retailing issues
The farm equipment maker said he succeeds Boyd C. Bartlett who last year announced plans to retire on March thirty first
A U. S. judge temporarily blocked an independent counsel from seeking a four count indictment against former Reagan aide Michael Deaver for allegedly lying to a federal grand jury and a House panel
Traders also cited lower oil prices and a steady dollar as reasons for the slightly firmer market
The nation's Number two aluminum producer said the pot lines are at Longview Washington and Troutdale Oregon
Another possible successor still being mentioned for the chief of staff post is Drew Lewis former transportation secretary and currently chairman of Union Pacific Corporation
It's a big blow to F. S. L. I. C. said Martin Crowder attorney for a creditor committee seeking fifteen million dollars to twenty million dollars from the F. S. L. I. C. on behalf of Westside
The current phase of slow but steady economic growth must ineluctably yield at some point to recession
Chairman Simon Keswick said that once these steps are taken Jardine Matheson's rehabilitation would be complete
Fixed rates certainly wouldn't fluctuate as much as floating rates
He was also appointed a group vice president of the parent
See Mob's Leagacy Teamster Local Greets Court Trustee Angrily After He Takes Reins But Joel Jacobson Tries Hard to Prevail in New Jersey Getting Rid of a Law Firm Is Rank and File Intimidated W. S. J. February tenth nineteen eighty seven
Ford Motor Company said it is retroactively extending the warranties on one hundred fourteen thousand eight hundred nineteen seventy nine to eighty two Ford Courier compact trucks to cover costs of certain engine failures
The plan which would authorize three million of the new shares is subject to holder approval at a special meeting April second
But it doesn't come cheap
From a supervisory standpoint the relationship between the combined insurance agency and the S. and L. industry could be modeled on the F. D. I. C.'s current relationship to nationally chartered banks which are regulated primarily by the Comptroller of the Currency
In an opinion written by Justice Sandra O'Connor the high court concluded unanimously that regardless of whether minimum contacts existed between Asahi Metal and California other factors weighed against the suit's being handled in the U. S.
Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker warned yesterday that international efforts to manage the Third World debt crisis after four years of success may be suffering from a dangerous case of battle fatigue
My whole psyche will be uplifted from wearing clothes that are in fashion
It's the only way he can salvage things
And under GROW the states would have their federal welfare allocations cut if they didn't meet stricter recipient participation rates than under WIN
It's unlikely that any action would have a material impact in nineteen eighty seven
Since then there have been hundreds of corporate acquisitions but none that exceeded five billion dollars
Federal labor law authorizes a construction industry employer to enter into an agreement with a union even though the union hasn't demonstrated that it represents a majority of the employees
Aca Joe also said it agreed to provide a supplier with as much as one point five million dollars of similar eight percent convertible notes in exchange for product of the same value to be delivered in the coming year
A. A. I. Corporation a unit of United Industrial Corporation was awarded an eighteen point one million dollar Air Force contract for munitions trailers for B. one B. and B. fifty two aircraft
Litton Industries Incorporated said it agreed to acquire Lamb Technicon Corporation a closely held maker of automobile production machinery in an exchange of stock valued at more than one hundred million dollars
According to law enforcement officials Mr. Walsh and congressional investigators are now delving into the details of some of the early interviews conducted by Mr. Meese's aides and comparing them with documents and other evidence
Analysts noted that the comparison with the year earlier mid February period was difficult because sales were strong then as many buyers purchased cars to beat the expiration of some relatively generous incentive offers by the Big Three car makers
A two hundred million dollar issue of American Express Credit Corporation notes due in ten years
Travelers stuck in snowstorms for more than two hours can't get refunds for instance but people with earaches may be able to
He is a trained mechanic but claims he can't find a job
In fact Mr. Decherd who succeeded his cousin James M. Moroney Junior as chairman and chief executive is the only family member now in Belo management
It also reflects Los Angeles based Security Pacific's own increasingly aggressive efforts to build a bank network with substantial market share throughout the West
He expects some of the recent high flying stock groups to take a rest
Cyclops Corporation was trading in the sixties in January when it said it would evaluate restructuring plans
As previously reported Southwest began testing the concept last October
A more measured assessment is offered by Lord Kinross in his superbly written The Ottoman Centuries Morrow Quill Paperbacks
In November at the annual charity auction of the new vintage in Beaune prices for nineteen eighty six Burgundy dropped precipitously
Motel six L. P. an economy motel chain that recently went public is expanding in an already highly competitive market by making acquisitions and attempting to lure business travelers
This model could be expanded to the federal lands with the creation of wilderness endowment boards made up of environmentalists and sportsmen
For crooks and cops alike the insider trading scandal has shown that where there's a will there's a way
Metro said the creation of the Class B. shares is to be submitted to Metro's stockholders for their approval at a special meeting in early April
But he said he expects eventual participation in P. W. Allison's engine program by both Japanese and European companies rather than competing efforts from foreign manufacturers
He says the survey which is widely quoted in the sales and marketing industries uses Census Internal Revenue Service and state government data to rank local areas
A Cascades official said that an exact count of the Rolland shares tendered won't be available until later this week
At the moment only one oil production platform employs tension leg technology
Saint Louis based Bank Building which builds banks throughout the U. S. didn't respond to that bid which expired December thirty first Acmat said
The judge also upheld a previous finding that the Hunts pay three point five million dollars in attorneys' fees as part of a larger settlement
That worries Mr. Hart too
Under exchange rules members must execute such trades on the exchange
The result would be a new political landscape with a new set of rules
We have a lot of compassion for a company that's done a good job for us but so far isn't making any money on that job but we don't want to be responsible for any cost overruns says Commander Richard Carlson the official overseeing construction of the power plant
Democrat Richard A. Gephardt formally launched his campaign for president by running against Japan South Korea and other U. S. trading partners
In fiscal nineteen eighty six Republic earned nine point nine million dollars or ninety one cents a share on sales of sixty four point seven million dollars
For three days the people waited for an attack
Business failures in the Middle Atlantic states declined twelve percent failures in New England dropped nine point two percent
There may be aspects that get applied elsewhere but I don't think you can look at terms or amounts and assume they will be broadly applied Mr. McDermott says
But when little materialized many traders sold contracts to offset those bought earlier driving down prices and attracting strong speculator interest analysts said
National Amusements sweetened its bid for Viacom International to three point two billion dollars
Cholesterol levels tend to be lower at younger ages a level deemed average for a fifty year old man might be alarmingly high in a twenty year old
Now the pressure is growing because of a decision by California regulators to seek liquidation of Mission Insurance Company a large and long troubled Los Angeles based insurer
But it does become possible to increase advertising revenue
Security Pacific is offering securities valued at fifty dollars to fifty five dollars for each of Rainier's common shares banking industry sources said
Symbolically it may weaken the integrity of the criminal justice system when an inmate looks at his keeper's uniform and instead of encountering an emblem that reads State Department of Corrections he faces one that says Acme Corrections Company
Also pregnant or nursing women and small children receive supplementary rations from the U. N. Border Relief Organization that trucks in rations for the refugees
When orchestras invite for the Dvorak concerto the concert hall is immediately sold out
Rentals account for about eight percent of I. B. M.'s revenue down from fifteen percent two years ago
Moody's said it took the action because Holiday Corporation's proposed two point six three billion dollar recapitalization which includes payment of a special sixty five dollar a share dividend will result in a highly leveraged capital structure and significantly reduced debt protection
Other holdouts are C. B. S. News anchorman Dan Rather astronaut Neil Armstrong author Eudora Welty baseball legend Joe DiMaggio and actors Robert Redford and Bill Cosby
The doll was featured as an example of how that technology is incorporated into everyday life
Full year results dropped thirty six percent to one point two billion dollars
I strongly support one vote one share
He also indicated that sales would increase at least thirty one percent to at least eight point eight million dollars from six point seven million dollars a year earlier
As Direct Action had contacts with Palestinian guerrillas and such European terrorists as West Germany's Red Army Faction and Belgium's Fighting Communist Cells the documents could help track down terrorists operating outside France
But no credible evidence suggests that he ever assessed and accepted the prospect of permanent disability
The two men then used the funds to pay interest on about sixty million dollars in troubled loans held by Sunrise so that the thrift could remove them from its delinquency report the indictment says
Lomas and Nettleton Financial the nation's largest mortgage banker offers a myriad of other financial services
The department said the purchase wouldn't substantially reduce competition
Mr. Hoover thirty five does his fat man imitation to make sure the aisles are wide enough to allow two shoppers to pass comfortably
Former Governor Babbitt has had a direct controversial part in the case
If a potential buyer had met Mr. Campeau's expectations he might have negotiated said the source who added There were conversations
But it's clear that the fevered buying and selling isn't over
The banks which called the loans and countersued deny any wrongdoing and several accuse the Hunts of stalling for time
Alaska said it believes government assistance is necessary to help its bank units cover the high carrying costs on their large volume of nonperforming loans
Representative John Dingell chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee plans to introduce insider trading legislation within two weeks and expedite it
Mr. Noir said trade officials in the U. S. and Western European countries plan to discuss the issue further
As government contracts began petering out during the year federal and state investigators began looking into the political payoffs
Further declines in the dollar they said are likely to intensify investor fears about the inflation outlook in the U. S. and discourage foreign investors from increasing their holdings of U. S. government notes and bonds
Yet to hear some Wall Street professionals talk these days there are hordes of investors still eager to invest fistfuls of dollars in the stock market
More than seventy Arabs were detained by Israeli police
U. S. officials attending the Group of Seven industrialized countries meeting this past weekend in Paris said Washington isn't planning any rescue for Brazil
The company said its remaining assets include spare drilling rig parts of nominal value and a labor contract under which another unit Ratliff Drilling Incorporated supplies personnel to a foreign company to operate a drilling rig
Its chief rival Komatsu Limited of Japan has kept its prices competitive despite the yen's sharp rise
Year earlier figures have been restated to reflect a change in the company's fiscal year end to May
In nineteen eighty four the Supreme Court ruled that consumers don't violate copyright laws when they tape televised movies for their own use
Ultimately the debt is paid with funds generated by the acquired company's operations or the sale of its assets
From the time he unveiled his Star Wars plan in March nineteen eighty three the president has understood why it is so attractive to the American people
Reduced national savings must necessarily show up either in reduced investment or increased borrowing from abroad
It didn't touch the actual damages award and only reduced the punitive damage award to a cool one billion dollars
Professionals like Smicklas travel with as many as eighteen animals and no fewer than six are required to keep a dedicated player mounted
Race directors are called commissioners a term borrowed from the nineteen eighty four Olympic organization in which Mr. Burke was commissioner of tennis
It cited Tyco's Double Dough Doer and Flower Makin' Basket extrusion toys
Boesky didn't help alluding to the Ivan F. Boesky insider trading case on Wall Street that has raised public hackles about lenient treatment for white collar criminals
Its scales are so tiny that its skin has the texture of human flesh
This idea fits well with another piece of the Alzheimer's puzzle
A co defendant in the case David Harkrider of Englewood Colorado Primera's owner previously pleaded guilty and was sentenced to probation the government said
But whether this will satisfy voters remains far from clear
J. W. T. Group Incorporated reported a fourth quarter loss of four point nine million dollars
Sales climbed seventeen percent to two point eight billion dollars last year from two point four billion dollars
Since rumors about the congressional investigation began circulating early this week I. C. N. declined thirteen percent to close at nineteen dollars and fifty cents a share down sixty two point five cents in composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange
Here we feel like witnesses at an ancient rite rather than participants
The spokesman said that Mr. Wigton developed a relationship with Mr. Siegel because each sought advice from the other an arrangement the spokesman said was legal
The testimony came as separately an internal E. P. A. report concluded that air pollution continues to pose higher risks to people than many other environmental hazards
For starters Kodak almost stole Fuji's thunder by announcing its camera a day before Fuji had scheduled a news conference to announce its own disposable camera
Public Service Company said it expects to submit the plan to the Public Service Commission for a full review next week when it will disclose more details
Trade activity picked up on Capitol Hill as textile interests advanced an import relief bill that they hope can survive a presidential veto
And he has been accused of reverse snobbery in his public disdain of the movie mogul life style
Senator Proxmire who chairs the Banking Committee questioned the legality of the Fed's decision arguing that it violates a nineteen seventy eight law requiring the Fed to disclose its money supply targets to Congress
Additional costs would have been incurred to maintain those assets until they could be sold probably at a loss
Although oil prices edged a bit higher yesterday oil stock prices were mostly lower
Washington and Moscow are discussing the possibility of holding ministerial level talks outside of the Geneva arms control framework in an effort to make progress on a weapons agreement U. S. officials said
Disclosure of the proposed kidnappings and other covert actions is sure to add to the controversy over the administration's secret actions to deal with hostage taking and other terrorist acts including the attempt to trade arms to Iran for American hostages
For all of nineteen eighty six the economy grew at a two point five percent rate
AIR FRANCE saying it hopes to be among the initial customers for AIRBUS INDUSTRIE'S planned A. three forty jetliner called for a successful conclusion to negotiations for the purchase of seven of the four engined craft
Cheng Gang a twenty nine year old computer specialist has written papers about McDonald's and Coca Cola
Scott Hansen a twenty four year old engineer from the Bronx agrees
In a bid to compete with the big three television networks for advertising dollars a group of fourteen major cable networks has banded together to package advertising time
Michael S. Blum the other new vice chairman continues to head Heller's real estate lending operations
In fact because their plane was late and Luanda's midnight to five a. m. curfew had begun there was no one at the airport
We are all bundles of interests We want a profit on our shares we want clean air and water we want a just society
There was a single minded pursuit of the stop inflation process in nineteen eighty one says Jerry Jordan a monetarist and a former member of President Reagan's economic council
He constructed only three buildings he'd sneer
They should have an active role in the Christian community
Because Tehran has humiliated the U. S. repeatedly Americans tend to forget Baghdad's blemishes to sympathize with Iraq and to view the prospect of an Iranian victory as a calamity
Until recently G. M. had been resisting long term contracts preferring to work on a year to year basis and sometimes on a cost plus basis
But does Washington with its federal solutions really deserve to confer this moral superiority on itself
Terms weren't disclosed
The Brazilian government attitude is we're going to go for broke on the developmental side and that's causing a lot of heartburn among the international banks said Norman Bailey a Washington D. C. based economic consultant and debt expert
Mr. Reed has managed to find new witnesses who say they saw the bullet extracted from Long's body and that it was a zero point three eight or zero point four five slug far too large to have come from Weiss's tiny pistol
Some heads of major companies seem to have gotten religion
Some portion of the new company would then be sold to public and private investors the company said
CAN'T DECIDE between a gooey cheeseburger and a double dip of jamoca almond fudge
The increases announced by the unit B. M. W. of North America Incorporated reflect the continuing weakness of the U. S. dollar compared with the West German mark as well as the auto maker's program of introducing new models in the U. S. and upgrading existing offerings to strengthen its position in the U. S. market
A week later its share price surges as Mr. Omnivore goes public with his intentions
Ms. Pauls who placed the stock on the emphasis list when it was at forty in September nineteen eighty five says the price has gotten ahead of itself
Peat Marwick said it was dismissed by Allegheny February second but declined to comment further
These observers noted that moves into home shopping by big retailers such as J. C. Penney are heating up competition in the industry and that a major industry shakeout is likely
The middle column represents figures already reported by the Fed
The contract is designed to serve as a hedging tool for certain companies whose business is affected by foreign exchange fluctuations especially multinational corporations the C. F. T. C. said
Mr. Gates said he had no specific knowledge of C. I. A. involvement in a so called Project Democracy initiative mentioned in Colonel North's memos
I don't see the dollar falling out of bed at this point Mr. Orsini said
Approval by the transportation agency would hinge largely on antitrust issues
It used the full name
The I. R. S. often tries to save resources in audits by projecting tax errors from samples of company data it does this for travel and entertainment deductions
Martin Marietta Corporation pleaded guilty to federal charges of mail fraud and making a false statement to the Defense Department in connection with a travel rebates scheme involving a former subsidiary
Texas Utilities won't know what caused the explosion until it can investigate the damaged generator
Attempts to make amends through foreign aid will as research is showing create or extend dependency helping frustrate L. D. C. efforts to adjust
The current talk about Group of Five meetings and target zones for the exchange rates also assumes that currency intervention and official jawboning could be effective in stopping the dollar's decline
The Soviet Union has no claim to the democratic legitimacy of the West
Fifth given this reality what constitutes inside trading remains a matter of some confusion
Sales rose nineteen percent to sixty two point seven one billion dollars from fifty two point seven seven billion dollars in nineteen eighty five
So far rising stock and bond markets have kept the red ink from flowing
At the end of the third quarter Kaiser had total assets of about six hundred ninety two million dollars and liabilities of about six hundred thirty three million dollars
Details weren't disclosed regarding how the fried chicken chain will leave the country where the PepsiCo unit owns about sixty restaurants and oversees franchises for about one hundred twenty more
Especially disturbing to some doctors is the disparity between the asthma death rate for whites and that for blacks
Goldman Sachs vice president Mikael Salovaara said the newly formed private company has no plans to diversify
They are not expected to be challenged the exchange said
In addition Conrail has already paid three hundred million dollars directly to the government from its cash reserves under the terms Congress set for returning the Philadelphia based railroad to the private sector
Under terms of the restructuring the oil and gas exploration and drilling concern said scheduled five hundred thousand dollar quarterly principal payments will be deferred until March thirty first nineteen eighty eight
There's no question we're concerned says Floyd H. Knowlton the vice president for casualty claims at Travelers Insurance Company Mr. Knowlton says that until about six months ago most of Travelers' asbestos claims came from shipyard workers who had worked directly with asbestos
The complaint drives Televisa president Miguel Aleman Velasco crazy
The suit filed by J. Garrett Kendrick purports to represent those who purchased Atcor stock between December twenty seventh nineteen eighty five and July twenty fourth nineteen eighty six
J. R. Fredericks an analyst at E. David Stephens Commodity Corporation said that market participants are betting on higher corporate earnings and that the report of a zero point two percent rise in January's capacity utilization buttressed their view
Mr. McKinnon will start at American March ninth
In contrast to Mr. Casey's more roughly hewn political image Mr. Gates's profile is that of the modern technical analyst
I think people expect him to emphasize the threat of inflation because of the turnaround in oil prices and the dollar's decline Mr. Ried said
Hardest hit they say will be commercial properties where vacancy rates are expected to rise from nineteen eighty six levels
Because dealer inventories remain high the company said it plans to cut shipments of farm equipment resulting in a substantially adverse impact on Hesston's nineteen eighty seven results
The result of his and other efforts however is a body of hypotheses called the Grand Unified Theories which lay the theoretical groundwork for reunification of the forces and predict the existence of monopoles
The Reagan administration told Congress that it is moving toward a decision on whether to deploy technology related to the space based antimissile project and defended its research as fully consistent with the nineteen seventy two A. B. M. treaty
But Robert McKay the committee's chairman and the former dean of New York University Law School said it is an embarrassment that the A. B. A. has no position on the issues being debated in the state legislatures
The San Diego based discount department store operator said it will use proceeds to acquire land for development
He thinks that's possible despite the saturation of the small appliance market by pushing innovative new products such as its hugely successful Oskar food processor and by expanding into markets Sunbeam doesn't yet serve such as low priced irons
His idea of hilarity is to have his leading man Mr. Nelson as a young lawyer convulse into fits of obscenity and other outrageous behavior during a trial
Sweden's trade surplus grew to the equivalent of one hundred sixty nine point three million dollars in January from one hundred fifty three point nine million dollars a year earlier Statistics Sweden said
In fact Tark usually is more followerfish than shark sifting the talent rejects of more prestigious institutions
But he adds with the air of someone who's been left standing at the altar one too many times if they could get Frank Sinatra they'd dump me in a second
Under Chapter eleven a company is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debts
This is inaccurate
The point of having elderly people on welfare is that it permits the government to target funds on those who are poor
When in November nineteen eighty three Turkish Cyprus made a unilateral declaration of independence the Eastern Bloc was days behind the West in condemning it
Americus Trust for A. T. and T. Shares Series two New York today will begin trading units prime and score components under the symbols ATUWI ATPWI and ATSWI on a when issued basis
All along the two thousand mile border with Mexico U. S. supporters of the maquila industry have been feverishly marshaling political support to prevent Congress from adopting any restrictions on the use of the firms by U. S. manufacturers
But if this is the tip of the iceberg and the scandal spreads to other officials at Goldman and appears to undermine the firm's reputation he said he would sever the relationship
Telecommunications is becoming ever more competitive
In business you couldn't have a supervisor that wanted to cry every week
Mission American is the ongoing part of Mission Insurance Group most of which comprises the moribund Mission Insurance Company unit
It is expected to be passed because of the government's parliamentary majority
GenCorp announced Friday that it had agreed in principle on sale of its radio stations in Boston which would end the litigation over W. O. R. F. M. and W. R. K. O. A. M.
The goal of Sematech wouldn't be to produce chips per se but to develop state of the art manufacturing techniques to help U. S. companies get back into mass memory chip production
They would restrain if not actually cut military spending and curtail such bricks and mortar subsidies to local governments as mass transit
They say they too were misled by Continental management
There's a perception that rates aren't going to go down any more the trader said
A. C. L. I. Metals may not be able to pay the damages by itself attorneys for Metall und Rohstoff speculated
The boost would give the company flexibility to pursue a variety of financings said a G. E. spokesman
As the term suggests cash flow is basically a measure of the money flowing into or out of a business
Irish voters go to the polls today to elect a new government
Broader market barometers in fact showed proportionately bigger gains than the blue chip index
Moreover different American industries are affected in different ways by dollar weakness
Mr. Boesky began by saying What did you do for me this year and Mr. Siegel responded with an analysis of his leaks
Wigton and Tabor
Thus last November when arbitrager Ivan F. Boesky agreed to pay one hundred million dollars to settle insider trading charges one of Wall Street's brightest deal making stars who has yet to be implicated in the scandal was near despair
The S. S. C. is scheduled to begin smashing atoms in nineteen ninety six
Lee Henkel's renomination to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board may face a fight in Congress
As partner in charge of arbitrage at Goldman Sachs and Company Mr. Freeman occupied a top position at a firm widely regarded as one of the world's most powerful and prestigious investment banks
Jeans products now account for about sixty percent of total sales he said down from about eighty percent as recently as nineteen eighty four
The company said the higher rate stems primarily from the unavailability of investment tax credits
Moreover Texaco's longtime chairman and chief executive officer John K. McKinley a genteel man of Alabama breeding has been succeeded by the plain talking Mr. Kinnear as chief executive and the hard nosed Alfred C. DeCrane Junior as chairman
Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation's Nine Mile two nuclear power plant has developed another safety related problem that could further delay the start of operation
So right on Larry Speakes and kudos for a job well done
Instead huge increases in indirect taxes and tariffs for public utilities were imposed and an attempt was made to disguise the effect of this on inflation by altering the basket of goods on which it was calculated
In his works dance was invariably subordinated to drama and as a consequence purity of technique gave way to theatrical effects
These figures aren't seasonally adjusted
It's going to be a kick says the thirty year old Ms. Kahle
To make them directly comparable each index is based on the close of nineteen sixty nine equaling one hundred
If in another capitulation to blackmail he is traded for the hostages a meaningless exchange considering the unending supply of potential hostages the campaign against terrorism sorely shaken by the revelations of the Iran affair will suffer yet another body blow
The company recently sold the unit
The weakening dollar which makes travel abroad more expensive for Americans may deter some travel
Asked whether any special entertainment is planned for the weeks of the convention the Tattletale's manager says You mean the Democrats
And hey he's one heckuva fund raiser to boot
In nineteen sixty nine when the late Fung King Hey founded a predecessor company of Sun Hung Kai as one of the first local brokerage houses in Hong Kong the colony was booming
Kevin Simpson an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated said Schlumberger really cut very deeply and took advantage of the opportunity to make doubly sure they have cleared the decks
When Barbara Bass was a division buyer at R. H. Macy and Company some years ago one of her bosses told her why no women were senior merchants at the company They didn't want the jobs
By moving this production into the factory the two brands should be able to match anybody in today's climate Mr. Gerson said
G. M. has been cutting production steadily in the past several weeks because of a big drop in car sales so far this year
The eight hundred service also will reach select international locations the company said
That would result in profit of about seventy five million dollars to eighty five million dollars
Colgate shares closed yesterday at forty five dollars and seventy five cents off sixty two point five cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
The Costa Mesa California company is small as drug companies go it earned thirteen million dollars on sales of one hundred three million dollars in fiscal nineteen eighty six but the stock surge makes plausible Mr. Panic's stated plan to raise more than eight hundred million dollars by year end to take over a large drug company
Now sources close to the F. D. A. say the agency's review of the data isn't as optimistic as the picture the company released to the press
On December thirty first group members also tendered at forty dollars each eight hundred forty seven thousand one hundred sixty one shares to Lucky under its buyback plan
It spreads the scandal to two more houses and Goldman Sachs has the reputation of being the cream of the crop
Gasoline station sales increased two point three percent after a zero point five percent drop
He said American Home had reached an agreement with claimants that both sides were comfortable with
Most of those same operators have joined a consortium seeking Sunday night games
Thus the decision once again aroused speculation that Texaco could become the target of a takeover by anyone willing to risk assuming the liability to Pennzoil
That's well above the latest cost projections from the Air Force which maintains that additional work won't take the total cost for the fleet of one hundred B. one bombers above the twenty point five billion dollar cap set during the first Reagan term
In Washington the Tower Commission appointed by President Reagan to look into the Iran Contra scandal began to pore through transcripts of computer tapes of recorded conversations between members of the National Security Council
In the first quarter last year Del E. Webb had net income of three point five million dollars or forty two cents a share on revenue of fifty nine point seven million dollars
Some people think Mr. Ferris spent all that money partly to make U. A. L. immune to raiders or acquirers
Northern Indiana P. S. said it would ask Indiana's supreme court to review an Indiana Public Service Commission decision that revenue collected to pay for the plant must be returned to ratepayers
A few investment bankers warn that convertible offerings aren't appropriate for many companies especially after their stock prices surge
But what is logical in an up market has its counterlogic in a down market
Through March eighth
It helps that he has the mellifluous voice of Anthony Hopkins who plays Frank
International funds up by twenty one saw a three hundred eight percent growth in sales
Gratitude was in order but the public thank yous go on and on
The machinery concern said it would take about two years to deliver the system to the customer which it declined to identify
There are strict rules governing where when and at what size abalone may be harvested
Mr. Bracher had been central bank governor since August nineteen eighty five when he succeeded Carlos Lemgruber
Terms weren't disclosed
The Pentagon team said that the September test had been so successful that it now was reasonable to believe that some space based defenses could be activated within six to eight years
Under Chapter eleven a company is protected from creditor lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debt
Other parties in the case including the Internal Revenue Service the reconstituted committee of Dalkon Shield claimants and Robins supported his decision
He visits almost daily on afternoon breaks and was able to check on his son when Robert had a spate of ear infections
Sales for the year increased nine point one percent to seven billion dollars from six point four two billion dollars in nineteen eighty five
The company wouldn't say with whom it is negotiating to sell the pump business
It's like a mob scene in Hong Kong and Singapore says an executive of Convergent Technologies Incorporated a Santa Clara California maker of microcomputers
Efforts to reach an exchange rate accord have come amid increasing concern both here and abroad that the dollar may be declining too far
During the contraction from nineteen twenty nine to nineteen thirty three both output and prices fell more rapidly than the quantity of money so that money per unit of output actually rose for the first two years of the contraction but then fell along with an even sharper fall in prices the mirror image during deflation of the experience during the World War one inflation
Bill Brock the labor secretary was very successful in defining the worker side of this says Pat Choate director of policy analysis at Cleveland based T. R. W. Incorporated who's known as one of the capital's most prodigious producers and marketers of new ideas in government policy
He notes that the stocks typically do well when the dollar is declining because most ad agencies have numerous overseas offices and subsidiaries
Here are the monthly limits implied by the Fed's target range for M. two in trillions of dollars
The Dow Jones Industrial Average about flat throughout much of the session leaped ahead during the final two hours to post a thirteen point nine two point gain closing at two thousand one hundred seventy one point nine six
But Microsoft remains one of the few companies with the programmers cash and credibility to mount an assault on Lotus
They argue that market pressures demand that G. M. act more boldly
The C. B. O. E. said that it wasn't changing the expiration of its S. and P. one hundred stock index option contract from the close of trading to the open since it is used mainly by retail customers and isn't as affected by program trading
The money transfer concern also said a major participant in a shareholder group that has been seeking a more active role in its business affairs agreed in principle to limit additional purchases of Comdata shares
Walt Disney Company might build a movie studio tour attraction at its Burbank California headquarters site or elsewhere in Southern California Michael Eisner chairman and chief executive officer told shareholders at the annual meeting here
The more active April contract was off forty six cents at seventeen dollars and eighty eight cents a barrel
The manager hasn't been accused of wrongdoing
They probably never could have built this empire but they would now try to protect and preserve it
But Clabir also said it would consider buying Atlantic Research's solid rocket motor division for cash
And several Spielberg cinematic presentations such as The Money Pit and Young Sherlock Holmes have faltered at the box office and drawn him a lot of flak from critics who accuse him of paying homage to himself in other people's pictures
Most people who work with him reciprocate not least because they appreciate the difference the Spielberg association can make
What Home Shopping did in picking up those U. H. F. stations was a smart strategic move for them but it's of concern to us says David Oman vice president of development for cable T. V. operations at Heritage Communications Incorporated Des Moines Iowa one of the cable operators
S. Gosh Glib
There is also the risk of losing efficiency on the marketing side
As for the U. S. it would be helpful if both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue would spend less energy deploring the budget deficit and more on getting together to do something about it
After the July forecast the price of Pace's stock declined more than thirty percent the plaintiffs said
Toshiba settled under the same terms as Fujitsu and Sharp Texas Instruments said
For one thing it tends to drive down prices of commodities that are already the most depressed such as corn
Mr. Fortier emphasized that the sale is more than simply a financial transaction
Doctor Gottlieb responds that researchers told him it would be difficult to obtain AIDS virus carriers who would be willing to participate in trials involving placebo injections
Credit rose eighteen percent in nineteen eighty five
Even if the economy turns out to be weak this quarter the Fed isn't going to ease its credit hold according to Mr. Levy
Initially the Chicago Merc wanted the change to take effect at the next triple witching hour March twentieth
Russ Berrie and Company expects to report that fourth quarter earnings rose eight percent to ten percent a smaller increase than in recent years
Number two Japan's investment totaled four hundred ten point eight million dollars or twenty one percent
Sentado en cuero or to be seated in leather looks like sentado en cueros or to be seated naked
The commission also said the company can keep any savings from cost cutting measures or debt refinancings rather than pass the saving along to ratepayers
Like Mr. Sauter before him Mr. Stringer faces the difficult prospect of balancing his relations with news employees with his management responsibilities
It's not Morgan Grenfell who makes the bid
But he was critical of Diamond Shamrock's action
Certainly this scene is being played out in dozens of oil capitals around the world
The administration instead of fighting strongly for its programs has tried to figure out what Nunn will accept complains Henry Walther the executive director of the U. S. Defense Committee a pro defense lobby in Washington
In an unusual move Mr. Smith is preparing a Dear Shareholder letter that discusses his long term strategy for the company
As a result of these initiatives U. S. industry is anticipating some relief from export restrictions designed to protect sensitive American technology
The company is a poultry processor flour miller and a producer of meat entrees for food services
In national over the counter trading Apollo closed at twenty dollars and fifty cents down one point one two five dollars and Sun Microsystems closed at twenty eight dollars and seventy five cents down one point one two five dollars
The members say they need eighty nine thousand five hundred dollars not seventy seven thousand four hundred dollars as now because living in Washington is so expensive
The retroactive loss of investment tax credits as a result of the new tax law had a negative impact of twenty million dollars or eleven cents a share on results for the fourth quarter and full year
HOLIDAY INNS INCORPORATED nine hundred million dollars of senior extendible notes via Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated
G. M. could never get away with selling quality like this mutters Wendell Dockum a General Motors Corporation dealer from Oklahoma City rattling the hood on a Mahindra at a Universal exhibit
After the Treasury Department proposed the revision in July some lawmakers were reluctant to adopt it partly because the estimates of the revenue it would raise were so uncertain ranging all the way from two hundred million dollars a year to more than five times that much
These investors came to view antique instruments as works of art with musical value he says
In its statement J. W. T. said that first quarter results will be weak because there was strong advertising spending by some clients in the year earlier period making an improvement difficult
And he had no patience for anything that interfered with the flow from horn to foot
Although it sounds dull and complicated budgeteers like the idea
To help reverse the U. S. decline Puma last year premiered an entire line of inexpensive casual sports shoes called its City Line in just about every color of the rainbow
Shea and Gould with three hundred thirty attorneys world wide has offices in New York Washington Los Angeles Miami Albany N. Y. and London
F. D. I. C. officials were working last night to resolve the status of the third institution Sunbelt National Bank Dallas
In addition the electric utility's continuing omission of its common stock dividend is saving it an additional twenty eight million dollars quarterly
The Treasury received almost twenty six point eight billion dollars of bids for the bonds sharply higher than the twenty one point one billion dollars of bids at November's sale of nine point two six billion dollars of thirty year bonds
Activision Incorporated reported that a two point four million dollar charge to cover a settlement of securities litigation contributed to a fiscal third quarter net loss of three point nine million dollars
Much of their business is generated by clearance sales of Christmas and winter merchandise
In nineteen eighty six Musicland earned about thirteen point two million dollars on revenue of about four hundred twelve point two million dollars
The claimants however appear to back the American Home bid
The average seven day yield for funds in the week ended Tuesday dropped to five point three one percent from five point three four percent a week earlier according to Donoghue's Money Fund Report a Holliston Massachusetts based newsletter
Diamond Shamrock's proposed tender offer for twenty million shares at seventeen dollars each was to begin this week
I don't think so says Mr. Sheehan
It would be the trick of the century
And none of them shows any inclination to pull up stakes
He will wait for a place to live too though an agency called Locum will sell him an apartment for dollars tomorrow
For the better part of two days the columnist sat on a metal folding chair and negotiated terms of the hostages' release
And eighty six percent of our E. T. graduates who leave the welfare rolls are still off one year later
Too many Israeli manufacturers have gotten stuck in a rut selling kosher foods to the tiny Jewish market in the U. S.
Net income for nineteen eighty six included a one time forty one point two million dollar tax benefit from the utilization of operating loss carry forwards
The Toronto exchange said the Instinet unit INCORPORATED Trading Corporation purchased its seat for one hundred fifty one thousand dollars Canadian
The Soviets threatened the network's Moscow bureau Chrysler dropped its The Pride is Back advertisements from the show and the United Nations complained about its portrayal
The Mexico City stock market is booming
Far from reflecting a robust housing market the statistic dramatizes the extent of home abandonments
Recently the Soviet Union bought A. B. C.'s T. V. movie about nuclear holocaust The Day After
In national over the counter trading yesterday Zycad shares fell twenty five cents to close at five dollars and twenty five cents
Although no concrete estimate of the ultimate cost to the government has been made past guesses by farm economists have ranged from two billion dollars to fifteen billion dollars
President Reagan in his legislative message accompanying his State of the Union address urged Labor Secretary William Brock to examine making pensions portable
These firms provide electronic trading screens showing prices at which major dealers are willing to trade with each other
New York meanwhile has become the company's most established and profitable publication
A spokesman for Kidder said the company had been planning a reorganization for some time but the recent infusion of a five hundred million dollar credit line by G. E. helped facilitate it
The commission also accused Mr. Bernstein of selling thirty thousand Electro Catheter common shares in May nineteen eighty five on inside information that the company's sales and net income were overstated
Leslie Roberts a former Boca Raton stockbroker pleaded guilty to three counts of mail fraud and conspiracy Tuesday and faces as long as fifteen years in prison
A year earlier the company had a net loss of one million dollars
G. Walter Loewenbaum the second managing director of the New Orleans office of the brokerage Morgan Keegan Incorporated was named chairman
Congressional investigators and a special prosecutor still are trying to trace the flow of funds
For the year the company had average shares outstanding of eight point nine million compared with seven point three million in nineteen eighty five
We only need one
But American Home appears to have two reasons for finding Robins attractive
It's a rotational market
Week Ended Lower Actual Upper
It's time to get on with the job said Senator John Chafee R. R. I. a leading sponsor of the measure
Tosco also said it named Eric Schwartz an executive vice president to the board
It didn't specify when the change will happen
While evidence of a direct correlation is skimpy and coincidental the jumps in lending to Khoo related companies closely parallel Tan Sri Khoo's acquisitions of substantial shareholdings in Southern Pacific Hotel Corporation Exco and Standard Chartered in nineteen eighty one nineteen eighty five and nineteen eighty six respectively
In this analysis Mr. Freedman pays too little attention to the taproot of European trepidation the Soviets' stockpile of accurate missiles and their air defense system which is now the world's largest
The current extension expires in nineteen ninety two and the constitution requires a new agreement not just an extension and its approval by Philippine voters
Payments and returns had to be postmarked by Monday
Mr. Deng last fall received a delegation from the New York Stock Exchange signaling that the Chinese opening is here to stay and there will be continuity after he is gone Mr. Lord says
Such outspoken sentiments would attract little attention coming from a corporate executive lobbyist or even an aide in President Reagan's business oriented White House
Luring new customers may require risk taking that conflicts with the frugal ways that helped revive Conrail
Fletcher Challenge also owns a ninety four percent interest in another major forest products company based here Crown Forest Industries Limited British Columbia Forest said it has been informed that Fletcher Challenge intends to keep the two holdings separate
Noland Company said its January sales fell seventeen percent to twenty five point nine million dollars from thirty one point one million dollars a year earlier
This is an important tradition much to be cherished
Republicans became the majority in the Mountain West by effectively fighting a war of attrition
Such grotesque elements in the revolt of Italy's taxpayers should not mislead the government
Besides user fees these measures include sales of federal assets
Company officials couldn't be reached for comment on the investment in Coleco
President Reagan has decided to consolidate federal anti drug efforts under a new cabinet level policy group apparently hoping to defuse congressional criticism about inadequate coordination and funding for drug programs
But when Framingham in May refused G. M.'s request to rezone some property needed for the new operation the auto maker turned elsewhere
Bond prices fell slightly yesterday as the government began its huge quarterly financing operation with the sale of new three year notes
The year also includes a ninety point five million dollar write down of oil and gas properties and an eighty two million dollar writedown of refinery inventories
Even though the sale yesterday of ten billion dollars of three year notes was relatively successful dealers noted that foreigners particularly Japanese investors prefer longer dated paper
Such studies would show that many workers had been overburdened by cost cutting moves and would require the company to restore more than five hundred workers U. A. W. Local twelve President Danny Wilson said last week
In December he wrote of the dismay among moderate Arabs at the U. S. arms sales to Tehran
Local preservationists such as Eric Johannesen say that the three hundred thousand square foot retail space will look like every other galleria from Houston to Philadelphia
Besides his baseball writing and editing Mr. Shannon's only concern is caring for his children Casey Mickey and Megan the last named by his wife a recreational therapist and the family breadwinner
If a home or stock is in joint tenancy a wife can't sell it if her husband has a stroke and isn't competent
But the final determination will be made by independent counsel Lawrence Walsh Mr. Meese said
Mr. Currey said that twenty of the twenty three local union presidents of the ATU voted to recommend ratification
Combustion Engineering will be paid an initial fee for the technology transfer plus periodic productivity payments based on the joint venture's sales
Accepted bids ranged from five point nine oh one percent to five point nine oh three percent
He expects all the Genstar divestitures to be completed by June
Petrolane Incorporated will continue to own liquefied gas storage tanks that it will lease to Petrolane Partners
The U. S. still has an exchange rate problem with Taiwan and possibly with other countries such as Canada and Korea
Are we willing to pay a lot of money out to bankers lawyers doctors asks Raymond Daniel an economist at Chase Econometrics of Bala Cynwyd Pennsylvania
Despite the C. G. T.'s relative decline it remains France's dominant labor confederation strong in such government agencies as the electric power company and possibly even gaining strength in problem plagued traditional industries
Investors willing to put money into a single company are extremely choosy preferring familiar names
Do you think they'll default
Look we have a colossal trade deficit
Texas Instruments Incorporated Dallas says it is waiting for details to be worked out before trying it
Now the growth in promotional spending appears to be slowing
The Kremlin also uses arms control as a lever to facilitate trade foreign credits and technology transfer
Revenue was one point six billion dollars up slightly from one point five billion dollars
On a fully diluted basis the company had net of two dollars and ninety cents a share compared with a restated two dollars and fifty five cents a share
New reasons for despising Ronald Reagan are hard to come by
This craftsman the maestro d'ascia the master of the ax uses his eye to create the line
The bonds carry warrants with a three and one quarter percent coupon that are exercisable March twelfth through February nineteenth nineteen ninety two to buy Tokyu shares at an expected two and one half percent premium above the closing share price when terms are fixed February tenth
The department concluded that U. S. corn growers are receiving subsidies totaling eighty five cents U. S. a bushel
It hopes ultimately to reduce the rate to three percent or less
Mr. Bricker said he also will turn the chairman's job over to Mr. Blackburn after the company spins off its refining and marketing unit to shareholders which is expected to occur within ninety days
Department recommendations to allow the regional phone companies to provide long distance service however are certain to be more divisive
U. R. S. CORPORATION thirty five million dollars of convertible subordinated debentures due two thousand twelve via Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corporation
Trustcorp an Ohio bank holding concern and Agrotech Holdings Incorporated of Miami also follow informal policies
American Board of Trade court papers show comprises thirty four related companies ten of which are operating and twenty four dormant
Karen Berndt a senior Texaco attorney explains a favorite Kinnear negotiating gambit He'll let the lawyer be the bad guy and nix a proposal
You couldn't give them away
Moody's Investors Service Incorporated lowered the company's senior debt rating to B. a. a. one from single A three and the rating of Ozite Corporation's convertible subordinated debentures guaranteed by Brunswick to B. a. a. two from B. a. a. one
United Technologies Corporation's chemical systems division received a fifty three point three million dollar Air Force contract for Titan rocket motor engineering services
Partners at other mid sized firms fear they may find it hard to survive the expected shakeout
Ford Motor Company's car production increased fourteen percent during the month from the year earlier period to one hundred sixty nine thousand two hundred forty eight vehicles
U. S. officials said neither they nor the Swiss government which represents Washington in Iran had received any word from Iranian officials concerning Seib's whereabouts or whether any charges had been brought against him
A rehabilitation plan for Mission was approved by a Superior Court judge in Los Angeles last March but as Mission's condition deteriorated it became clear the plan wouldn't work Ms. Gillespie said
Mr. King said Nissan's decision to adopt incentives reflects the sharp decrease in the value of the U. S. dollar relative to the Japanese yen which has forced all the Japanese auto makers to increase prices several times for the cars they sell here
Of all the likenesses of Anton Philips former president of N. V. Philips the one that evokes the most pride at the big Dutch electronics company's offices at Eindhoven the Netherlands stands eight thousand miles away in front of the Osaka Japan headquarters of one of Philips's main rivals Matsushita Electrical Industrial Company
But neither is your opinion right
Roosevelt for example may have been fleeting and changeable in his interests but it is a bum rap to blame him for the Pearl Harbor disaster on the basis that he paid too little attention to the way the military dealt with distant commanders
Once you get to China though you don't see a lot of student demonstrations
Because of its Chapter eleven filing L. T. V. has been able to reject burdensome coal and ore contracts which has sharply lowered raw material costs at the unit
United's personnel cuts come less than a week after U. A. L. reported a loss of thirteen point six million dollars for last year's fourth quarter due to a flood of red ink from its United subsidiary
The studio which was heavily restructured in the last year doesn't expect any profit in its fiscal second and third quarters because its movie and television operations are still in a start up phase M. G. M. slash U. A.'s chairman and chief executive officer Lee Rich said in an interview
Hence late nineteen eighty five into early nineteen eighty six presented a wonderful opportunity for the finance ministers of the Group of Seven industrialized democracies to reinstitute a common monetary standard to secure the trading efficiency of the major industrial countries
Atop the truck chained to the hood on a rug two strike dogs whose job is to find the first track of the quarry sniff the air for a whiff of a bear that has crossed the path
It also says that more than half the work force is employed in companies with fewer than one hundred workers
Only a few weeks into the post tax overhaul era accountants and tax advisers are busy dreaming up creative but perfectly legal they say schemes for getting the most out of home interest deductions allowed under the new law
What this is telling me is that if there is any question at all the laboratories are likely to say it is negative says Richard Jenny a research scientist with New York's lab division
The provisional agreement approved last week by the commission requires divestiture of Safeco's title insurance plant in Cook County within a year
In terms of debt due within one year they have recently averaged roughly three billion dollars a month more than twice the level near the bottom of the last recession just over four years ago
In Connecticut versus
Sales for the year rose ten percent to twelve point six six billion dollars from eleven point four eight billion dollars
Lawmakers approved the same bill without dissent late last year but Mr. Reagan allowed it to die by refusing to sign it after Congress adjourned
A reexamination of their slides found that five had been misinterpreted and two slides were too poorly done to read only three were clearly negative
Since Congress passed its laboratory legislation twenty years ago it has tried five times to strengthen the law
But It's my belief that M. C. A. is still interested he said
The union proposal was given to C. Edward Acker chairman of Pan Am at a meeting at the Pan Am building Thursday evening
The more likely it became that the constitution would pass the more likely it became that something like this would occur says Fred Whiting former president of the American Chamber of Commerce here
Vanuatu and the U. S. established diplomatic relations in September months after Vanuatu and the Soviet Union established diplomatic ties
Moreover the business is heavily concentrated in the hands of a few big players including Merrill Lynch and Company Goldman Sachs and Company and Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated which have a loyal following of apparently satisfied corporate clients
A non cash income source called an allowance for funds used during construction accounted for an additional small portion of the latest earnings
He said recoveries of previously charged off loans were exceeding internal forecasts
It said the aircraft was patched and ferried back to Britain for further repair
Brother Leo later appointed Mr. Grace as a co trustee
Overhauling the international monetary system may be a valid goal in the face of today's volatility
At the end of last year the issue was quoted at a price of one hundred and five thirty seconds to yield seven point four nine percent
Last month's drop left farm prices at their lowest level since November nineteen seventy eight and eighteen percent below their peak reached in April nineteen eighty four
Princeville Development Corporation said Spinner Corporation agreed to end its one hundred six million dollar hostile takeover bid and that the two companies dropped all litigation against each other
ROUSE SAYS this is the same old song it has heard and proved wrong in other cities
The automotive products operations had combined nineteen eighty six sales of around two billion dollars
We've got a protective umbrella
Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Mitsubishi Corporation Malaysia's partners and main supplier of parts for the joint venture that builds the Saga might subtly try to stall the export plan some analysts speculate
Sales increased fourteen percent to six hundred point one million dollars from five hundred twenty six million dollars
In the magazine group fourth quarter operating earnings declined to thirty four million dollars from fifty seven million dollars which Time said largely reflected the unit's thirty two million dollar share of the reserve for staff reductions
While the article by Edward J. Dwyer Junior giving advice to those looking for their first job is excellent it seems oddly out of place coming between a somewhat academic discussion of women's wages and a large chapter on historical wages and salaries
Full year earnings from financial services soared to two hundred twenty eight million dollars from a dismal thirty million dollars in nineteen eighty five
Four months ago she bought an apartment in another building
Portugal is often used as a way station
But the margin of victory fifty five percent to sixty five percent some observers predict may not be enough to quiet critics
We can't because of the competition says president Masatoshi Sano
For now at least the miracle at Saint Nicholas seems to be in for a long run
The rest of the glass products will be sold by the venture
Panamanian records closely link a Swiss financial services concern to the secret transfer of funds that financed a covert air resupply operation in support of Nicaraguan guerrillas
The American agricultural sector for example is thirty five percent worse off now than in early nineteen eighty five
Revenue rose about twelve percent to two point six billion dollars from two point three three billion dollars
The delays he said are the result of premature commitments by the F. A. A. to particular systems that are taking longer than expected to develop
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries plans to return to fixed prices averaging eighteen dollars a barrel starting Sunday
Phillip Samper vice chairman and executive officer of Eastman Kodak Company a Thompson client for fifty five years says of Mr. Johnston I've always found him an excellent source of advice
Other paper and forest products issues were strong
In the U. S. Cadbury owns Sunkist and Canada Dry beverages as well as its well known mixers and holds a thirty percent stake in Doctor Pepper Company
Moreover analysts had expected Texas Air to be preoccupied with consolidating People Express and New York Air into Continental a move that takes effect Sunday and with Eastern's looming union confrontation where executives have asked its employees to cut wages voluntarily an average of twenty nine percent
Mortgage fraud has grown into a major problem for banks arising partly out of aggressive real estate lending policies undertaken in the early nineteen eighties
Authorities are investigating trading in Guinness shares during its successful bid for Distillers Company last year
The determined son of a West Pittston Pennsylvania machinist Mr. Pinola is unusually aggressive for a banker
The dollar's recovery yesterday was limited by uncertainty about today's report on the U. S. merchandise trade balance for December
Moreover the U. S. is likely to meet fierce competition from Argentina and other exporters
The new issue market also wasn't active
He proposed creation of a Financial Services Oversight Board composed of the heads of appropriate regulatory agencies that would supervise the new structure
Ethnic and old school ties among existing firms are strong
Iran has ignored the appeals and said its forces captured new territory east of the Iraqi port city of Basra
That evening Mr. Meese met with Mr. Casey at the C. I. A. director's home
The Herald shares haven't yet been registered in News Corporation's name because of pending legal action
But it lets you know that you're seeing the world from Mr. Allen's particular tilt and in Radio Days that's a fine angle of vision
As previously reported the rail lines reached a tentative accord on rail access last September
Long waiting lists for wheelchairs further testify to Soviet disregard for the needs of the handicapped
Finland's trade surplus doubled in nineteen eighty six from the preceding year to the equivalent of one point one two billion dollars the Board of Customs said
Let us all understand clearly what Mr. Wright and the Democrats are in fact saying here
The review announced in Parliament yesterday comes after political pressure stemming from a government investigation of Guinness P. L. C.'s three point eight billion dollar acquisition of Distillers Company last year
In an earlier edition the price change was misstated
That doesn't include the two million eight hundred forty three thousand two hundred thirty three Princeville shares holders have tendered under Spinner's offer
Many of the one hundred ten AIDS patients interviewed refused to cooperate or didn't know the whereabouts of past lovers and many of those named couldn't be located
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange Digital Equipment's shares closed unchanged at one hundred forty six point three seven five dollars
Chemical Bank introduces Korean and Chinese language automated teller machines at some New York branches
Harry Dale JFY's president concedes that the company doesn't specifically inform recipients that their personal data will be sold but he insists that's implicit in the questionnaire
But the Justice Department concluded in a recent memo that old death penalty laws that haven't been used for years are still on the books and that the commission has an obligation to issue guidelines so that the death penalty can be imposed
The expression nuclear winter is nowhere to be found in the N. A. S. report
Western analysts Soviet officials in Moscow and other prominent Soviets visiting the U. S. who are close to the Soviet leader had expected a two day plenum of the Communist Party Central Committee which ended yesterday to produce a wide ranging personnel shake up and a reshuffling of responsibilities within the ruling Politburo
While A. Z. T. is not a cure for acquired immune deficiency it was found to prolong the lives of AIDS patients in a six month clinical trial
The client had two hundred thirty thousand dollars about sixty percent of his net worth invested in the company
At Dulles Presidential had hoped to build a market separate from that of congested Washington National Airport three miles from the capital
Separately Henley said it plans to spin off to shareholders within the next six months an unspecified part of its Wheelabrator Technologies Incorporated unit which builds and operates plants that convert garbage to energy
While two of the company's three groups Data Storage and Business Services are profitable the executives said its Computer Systems and Services group continues to have losses
Two big producers L. T. V. Corporation and Wheeling Pittsburgh Steel Corporation have already made such filings
Overseas operations have been shaved and some managers repatriated
Mr. Solarz argues that they might be willing to accept it now
Avondale an employee owned company would then consist primarily of a large shipyard operation in New Orleans
LIVESTOCK AND MEAT Cattle futures prices were up as the February and April contracts reached life of contract highs
The Sandinista Defense Committees one of the building blocks of Nicaragua's revolution are in trouble
Triad America the main U. S. firm controlled by Saudi promoter Adnan Khashoggi filed for Chapter eleven protection
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Prime Computer's common closed at twenty one point eight seven five dollars a share down fifty cents
Triad America officials made an effort to stave off creditors this summer by promising them part of the proceeds of a sale of Edgington Oil which was believed to be Triad America's largest remaining unencumbered asset
With the deregulation of power generation and access to transmission these perceived problems they are so worried about up at Harvard will fade away like an old soldier
Selling T. F. one to Mr. Hersant would be surrendering one of the only frail vehicles for news as it is valued in the Anglo American environment to disaster
In this he truly occupies a class of his own
Probably not
In the interest of equity the gold price should be at a level to avoid any decline in the average level of nominal wages
DON'T LOOK BACK William E. and Ardis A. Bundy mistakenly put seven hundred fifty dollars over the legal limit into her individual retirement account for nineteen eighty two when the money could have gone into his
In five of the eleven Guinness payments including those to Konsultat and Consultations the company has disclosed only that it knows the recipients' names through invoices that seem to be connected to the Distillers bid
Adds Edward Lieblein formerly the Pentagon's top software expert Software problems have reached crisis proportions
Bankers Trust issued the notes through a newly created borrowing vehicle called trust obligations participating securities known as Tops
Together the pensions total almost thirty thousand dollars a year at present exchange rates and under Germany's taxation rules which penalize just about everyone except retirees the Kundruhns pay virtually no tax on their income
He predicted that orders this year will be up substantially and said financing needs will be met with internal cash flow though he is arranging a fifty million dollar credit line with a Denver bank as a backup
Kimberly Clark Corporation reported that fourth quarter net income increased twenty percent and sales rose six percent from the year earlier period
For the fiscal six months P. and G. reported that earnings rose twelve percent to four hundred sixty three million dollars or two dollars and seventy two cents a share from four hundred fifteen million dollars or two dollars and forty eight cents a share a year earlier
Varco closed at two point six two five dollars down twelve point five cents yesterday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
The challenge that every M. B. A. faces is how to balance that drive for money and power with the drives to be a family person and to serve the community
Now there is the baseball crisis
But he warned that Iranians are very bright energetic and always looking for a deal
The offering will be divided evenly between thirteen week and twenty six week bills
For the first nine months of nineteen eighty six the oil and gas limited partnership had a net loss of fourteen point seven million dollars
The Marcos cases have been pending in Swiss courts since early last year
Mobil's annual revenue declined nineteen percent to forty nine point three seven billion dollars from sixty point six billion dollars
The net effect of the proposal which would increase some charges and lower others would cut annual revenue an estimated twenty four million dollars A. T. and T. said
The Vatican urged industrialized nations to fashion a broad plan of cooperation and assistance to save the Third World from its debt crisis
Although yesterday's session saw some swings in prices of index futures it was nothing like Friday when wide moves and a sharply lower close left some traders with large losses
The legislation passed yesterday by voice votes in the House and Senate would prohibit strikes or lockouts against the Long Island Rail Road for the sixty days ending March seventeenth while labor management negotiations continue
THE WHITE HOUSE will seek new power to retaliate against countries that don't give U. S. companies equal access to their markets
Mr. Rial and some Kaiser officers control all the company's common stock through the closely held Perma group of companies
BankAmerica was unchanged at fourteen and one quarter
And he added to them a new push for global competitiveness aimed at keeping America's edge in the global marketplace by raising educational standards safeguarding fair trade and making almost a one billion dollar commitment to new job training programs as already specified in the president's budget message
Mr. Icahn declined to comment
Although successful in the short term adversarial trade as practiced by the Japanese and now embraced by some developing countries is not sustainable in the long run
One economist once remarked that the stock market had predicted ten of the past three recessions
I'm talking about the heroes of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid Mikey and Nicky The Man Who Would Be King Trading Places to name a few
He alone of early governors really thought about the rights of these prisoners
According to the telephone survey of one thousand five hundred seventy six adults which was conducted last Thursday and Friday fifty five percent still expect that he will be somewhat effective in solving the nation's problems over the next two years
Myth Number two The average professor is overpaid
With that a dollar became just a piece of paper
Mr. McCormack's first and closest client was Arnold Palmer
Hasn't been this bad since nineteen seventy nine howled the Weather Service
Mr. Snodgrass says the market closed at one thousand eight hundred ninety five point nine five the day before the contest was announced on television in November
Gibraltar said the main reason for the action was to eliminate dilution of the shares
As previously reported the units will be distributed February second to stock of record yesterday
Bond prices sank again yesterday as traders braced for an avalanche of new Treasury borrowing soon
Grumman Corporation a defense contractor in Bethpage N. Y. canceled its night shift
A spokesman for the Guild which has six thousand members said that about ninety percent of the three thousand two hundred sixty two members who cast ballots voted in favor of affiliation with the Teamsters
He was the toast of Denver after his field goal in overtime was the Bronco's margin of victory in the A. F. C. final against Cleveland but now he's just a crumb
A recorded female voice says Have a great time getting completely lost
Rexnord jumped three and one quarter to twenty five and seven eighths
It is true that for every rising entrepreneur there are poor Indians scrubbing restaurant kitchens but nineteen eighty census data showed that while the overall U. S. poverty rate was twelve point four percent it was only nine point nine percent for ethnic Indians
But these improvements may not be enough to offset deteriorating results from the refining and marketing sector of the oil business which eroded sharply in the fourth quarter
The sixth test is currently planned for April nineteen eighty eight
Company officials wouldn't comment citing a regulatory quiet period after a two hundred million dollar bond sale last week
In fact they fight closing down inefficient factories and importing other people's weapons jobs and votes are at stake
Enviro Spray markets a patented nonaerosol spray system Thermaljet markets a food processing system
Ford's warranty improvements like G. M.'s are to apply retroactively to cars built since last fall the beginning of the current model year
They destroy the S. P. D. because they force them to move to the left
Average shares outstanding fell to fifteen point six million from sixteen point five million
The state's one hundred seventy five thousand teachers are scored on an exhaustive written self appraisal and on their performance during four forty five minute observation sessions a year
General Cinema said it acquired eight point three percent of Cadbury Schweppes and may seek up to twenty five percent of the British candy and soft drink concern
The registration requirement took effect on July first nineteen eighty three
Ohio Art makes toys and the Etch A Sketch drawing device
The exchange has four hundred forty four members
As it turns out the place is open though a bit shabby and on this day crowded with happy families
Our product will still go into South Africa there's no way to stop it the spokesman said
ConAgra a food and agricultural products concern said it paid about one million common shares for the Hyrum Utah based company
The only way to cope with bad initiatives in social policy is by proposing better ones
Summit planned to take the company public last November to raise twenty five million dollars for acquisitions and working capital
For Sears Savings the sale attempt indicates a retreat
Sales fell to nine hundred thirty one million dollars from one billion dollars
This week the African National Congress takes center stage in Washington as Secretary of State George Shultz holds his first meeting with A. N. C. President Oliver Tambo
Justice Department spokesman Terry Eastland said the two men discussed U. S. relations with Iran efforts to free American hostages in the Mideast and other topics
The firings rare at such senior levels surprised many in the industry because Morgan Stanley and its Morgan Stanley Realty Incorporated unit are very profitable
The deficit in fiscal nineteen seventy nine was forty billion dollars which seemed horrendous at the time but presented much smaller financing problems
Albert R. Hunt editorial page January eighth states that the notion of moderate Iranian leaders makes about as much sense as does the notion of a freedom loving communist or an enlightened advocate of apartheid
Mr. Meyerson said some time ago E. D. S. looked at Western Union for a possible joint venture
This is an absolutely fantastic picture one of the most famous images by the most desirable nineteenth century painter said Christopher Burge president of Christie's in the U. S.
If the topic is rat control he will pit a spokesperson from the New York Chapter of Rights for Rodents against the President of Scorch Gullet Chemicals
But the agency said it won't actually rule on the Pacific Telecom request until the State Department takes it up
The Leeds plant was also one of eight facilities the company temporarily closed in early January to adjust inventories to sales
There is progress but it is slow and painful
The fast paced world of high technology Lotus Development Corporation not yet five years old names its ninth public relations director
We hope that as the negative results of eliminating investment incentives become more clear the need to reinstate tax provisions that encourage growth will also become more clear Mr. Gray said
A weaker dollar makes U. S. exports more competitive
There has been no official announcement of Mr. Bracher's offer and last week a central bank spokesman Reinaldo Domingos Ferreira denied that the governor had sought to resign
The firm is issuing units in exchange for shares of Du Pont stock tendered to the trust
Under British law it is illegal for a company to purchase its own shares without shareholder approval or to pay others to do so
The offense goes to the heart of what we're teaching he says
The difference is that now more people pay attention
Then she heard about Henry Street
I'm confident we will be able to pass a trade bill says Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen D. Texas
MINOR MEMOS Misreading the word succeed in his inaugural address Governor Clements declares The people of Texas want us to secede.
Lloyd's governing body immediately agreed to implement the panel's recommendation that the body include more members from outside the Lloyd's market
Alive to the threat Venezuela has intensified vigilance of border districts where Colombia's E. L. N. guerrillas have staged isolated raids
In the spring Continental Air Lines will begin a sneak preview program offering new films T. V. shows and videos
Timothy Wagg vice president finance said the dividend was increased because of current conditions in the paper industry
Massachusetts Institute of Technology for example began sending young researchers to Japan in nineteen eighty three
The company also forecast improved performance for nineteen eighty seven if oil prices average the same as in nineteen eighty six
Who's on First
This all began a few weeks ago when New York Mayor Edward I. Koch still smarting from the Giants' move to New Jersey several years ago said the Giants couldn't have a ticker tape parade in Manhattan if they won the Super Bowl
They add that Japanese companies help speed research here that benefits the U. S. as much as Japan
There's nothing to replace the dollar
The British court said it has no jurisdiction over the inter governmental agency
National was the ninth U. S. bank to fail this year the fourth in Oklahoma
Mr. Reissman indicated that CrossLand expects in nineteen eighty seven to expand operations in those two states in one or more ways including acquisition of other thrift units and branches and opening new branches
Two years ago the firm had one hundred forty four lawyers revenue of about thirty million dollars and branch offices in five major cities including Washington D. C. and Dallas
Admiral Poindexter dismissed the warnings saying administration lawyers had reviewed Colonel North's activities in support of the rebels and had concluded that the Contra aid program was legal the sources said
A Morgan Grenfell spokesman yesterday said that two point five million dollars corresponded to payments the firm had received in December for financial advice to Guinness on several matters
Reports of the computer industry's rebirth are greatly exaggerated
The horrendous November trade statistic notwithstanding trade is finally starting to contribute to growth
Senior administration officials by midweek were beginning to echo Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker's warnings that a singular reliance on currency depreciation to narrow the trade deficit could pose risks for the domestic economy possibly rekindling inflation raising interest rates and making it more difficult for the U. S. to attract the foreign capital it needs to finance its budget deficit
On the first ballot Mr. Mavroules finished last with thirty five of two hundred forty four votes cast
The company's sole profit dip came at the American Express Bank where fourth quarter earnings fell eight percent
Also in nineteen eighty six changes in accounting for the costs of pension plans accounted for a gain of fourteen point two million dollars or eleven cents a share in the fourth quarter and forty nine point three million dollars or forty cents a share for the year
Trading revenue was flat after big third quarter gains analysts say
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Great Western closed at forty six dollars and seventy five cents unchanged CalFed closed at thirty four point six two five dollars up fifty cents and Glenfed closed at twenty five point eight seven five dollars up seventy five cents
Large supplies of beef excess capacity in the industry and fairly sluggish demand have kept the lockout from having any impact on beef prices analysts said
American Express Credit Corporation's two hundred million dollars of senior notes
Nevertheless one union official said he was intrigued by the brief and polite letter which was hand delivered by corporate security officers to the unions
Leftist guerrillas pledged to halt the nation's highway transportation
Other powerhouse Southern chairmen included Wilbur Mills of Arkansas at Ways and Means Judge Howard Smith of Virginia at Rules Mendel Rivers of South Carolina at Armed Services and George Mahon of Texas at Appropriations
A design charter as broad as these requires a breadth of authority that many companies have been loath to accord designers
The trouble begins the moment actor Steve Guttenberg's relentlessly boyish face appears on the screen
Knock off about five dollars for the dreadful formula writing style three dollars for dated content and two dollars for the monotonously reconstructed dialogue and you have a more reasonably priced book if you still want to read it despite these unforgivable flaws
A cut in the discount rate which is the central bank's fee on loans to financial institutions would spur the economy and might cause the dollar to stabilize against the yen by making interest bearing investments in Japan less attractive
First American is a Mesa Arizona health care services concern
When one G. O. P. official learned from a reporter that Ms. Reagan was to become party co chairman the phone went dead for a moment after which the official said That silence was off the record
As previously reported Williams a Tulsa Oklahoma based energy fertilzer and telecommunications concern has been restructuring its operations by selling most of its oil and gas properties
Those ambitions have been frustrated however by international trade and political considerations
He estimates a five percent tax would raise three hundred million dollars a year for animal programs
He adds that Mr. Cutrale's telephoned promise to deliver is considered an absolute guarantee
Brazilian officials argued that politically they couldn't sign an I. M. F. accord because it would be taken by voters as ceding sovereignty
If one area encourages office and business park construction for instance local residents might gain additional tax revenues and shorter commutes to work
The letter disclosed much but also left several points unanswered
Chrysler originally said the program would run from December tenth until Tuesday but it renewed the incentives yesterday on most of the same vehicles and didn't set an expiration date
For a company its size it ought to be better
Changes involved direct holdings of common stock
Among members of the foreign diplomatic corps however there were attempts to hide in the seventh floor State Department men's room in order to get a peek
It's clear that this is a dirty business and that doing deals for hostages is a treadmill for Western governments
According to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Atalanta slash Sosnoff sold one million five hundred fifty six thousand three hundred fifteen Zenith shares on behalf of its clients
Mr. Casey won't be leading this fight himself
Terminal Data which designs and manufactures micrographic and electronic equipment said it would report a one point five million dollar loss on the sale for its first quarter ended December thirty first
We have closed contracts
Some people think the likeliest buyer of Geico or others on the rumor circuit like Zenith National Insurance and Ohio Casualty is a friendly foreign company with a strong currency
Until then they say the Federal Reserve System probably will leave its credit policy unchanged
It includes about one hundred highway demonstration projects such as interchanges and access ramps that would be paid for entirely by federal funds the money would be in addition to the states' regular allotments
Nowhere does the private choice to use drugs have more devastating public consequences than on our nation's roads rails water and airways Mrs. Dole said
The freedom to engage in this activity would be threatened by a ruling that courts won't enforce the agreements
Mr. Bush told reporters that the U. S. felt it was living up to its spending commitments on acid rain control
Details of the statement issued by U. S. Treasury Secretary James Baker and Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa began appearing on news wires around seven fifty five p. m. E. S. T. Wednesday which was nine fifty five a. m. Thursday in Tokyo
It was an unprecedented situation he said after watching Francis Santangelo the exchange's specialist in Home Shopping surrounded by forty or fifty brokers with their arms waving and flailing as the priced dropped to thirty nine dollars then thirty eight dollars and still lower
When he finds young people coming in and loving it he's as happy as a missionary in a room full of pagans
Since nineteen eighty four the three federal agencies' efforts have produced two hundred seventy indictments and one hundred eighty three convictions of speculators mortgage company executives and real estate brokers in New Jersey Washington D. C. Houston Tulsa Nashville Denver and Seattle among other places
At the Christian Democrats' convention last fall delegates chatted and smoked cigarettes as their candidate spoke
The microprocessor receiving sounds from the student through a throat microphone sorts through the sounds hundreds of times a second measuring the frequencies of the sound waves
Many of the procedures are part of a pitch for pricey nutrition supplements others are used as marketing tools by health and exercise clubs to attract customers
From this vantage point it may be the ultimate irony that Israel which has been intimately and intricately involved in the secret American dealings with Iran and which appears to have instigated the whole arms sales policy now is loudly demanding apologies from Washington
Mr. Younger's bright idea is to padlock the capitol in Washington and close every state legislature for the year
But believing that these alleged U. S. P. O. W.s included a Canadian civilian held captive since being rescued after an oil drilling platform accident in the South China Sea Mr. Clark agreed to help
Most letters that aren't cries from the purse are grumblings about politics
The American order also would be unusual in that the airline would split it between two manufacturers
Mr. Cranston of the Energy Information Administration says that the department plans to change its procedures shortly
His Money Matters
The current budget squeeze coupled with the Pentagon's refusal to drop any of its new weapons projects translates into big pressures on the companies' profit margins
Until nineteen seventy one the networks used to begin their prime time schedules at seven thirty p. m. E. S. T.
Apollo revamped its product line market strategy and customer base in the past eighteen months the executive said
Many were predicting that the troubled bank holding company would manage a modest profit or break even in the final quarter
Knoll already sixty five percent owned by General Felt is a New York based manufacturer of office furniture
By law the I. R. S. must notify a company within sixty days of an assessment for failure to pay taxes withheld from employees for income and Social Security taxes
David J. Dunn fifty six Iomega's chairman said the appointment of Mr. Kucha is an interim measure but could last for a year or more until a new chief executive is appointed
The agency's first full firing of the redesigned rocket is planned for late July about six weeks later than the original target
In the municipal bond market a proposed San Antonio Texas offering of about three hundred ninety three point six million dollars of electric and gas systems refunding revenue bonds was tentatively priced by a Merrill Lynch led group
But Peter Leavitt of Weather Services Corporation Bedford Massachusetts said that because of recent record high temperatures in Florida orange trees have new growths that haven't been hardened by cooler temperatures
But in just nine months a decline of eight hundred thousand barrels a day already has occurred says Edward H. Murphy A. P. I.'s director of statistics
But traders said the large issue amount is rather risky now given the volatility of the mark bond market
First quarter sales increased four percent to two point eight seven billion dollars from two point seven seven billion dollars a year earlier
Federal National Mortgage Association eased one eighth to forty and five eighths
REAGAN HAS MET with top aides to prepare an Iran Contra chronology
MUSCLED OUT of his massage parlor he thought the I. R. S. was rubbing it in
The stock split three for one last summer
In the nineteen eighty five fourth quarter the producer of additives for fuels and lubricants had net income of eleven point three million dollars or twenty nine cents a share on revenue of two hundred four point three million dollars
Last year fourth quarter revenue was three point eight seven billion dollars
N. C. R. has managed to weather the industry's slump better than most other computer makers including International Business Machines Corporation and Wang Laboratories Incorporated N. C. R. tends to be in a better position during a general computer downturn because they have more customers in the service sector and they're also not a true computer mainframe company said Steven Milunovich an analyst with First Boston Corporation New York
If branch restrictions keep them solely or almost solely within a troubled farm area such a lending policy is to be expected indeed any other policy would be stupid
Nobody likes a bad press
The test will come when the leadership of both parties must turn down the many applications from members of Congress who view service on an intelligence oversight committee as a major political asset
Heron in a statement also said it was cooperating with the D. T. I. but declined to discuss how many shares it owned or whether it had received indemnification
When an extremely tall and heavy woman came in with a friend one recent evening Giovanni De Santis the fifty four year old proprietor greeted the pair with shouts of MA donna
I don't see Microsoft's growth slowing for the rest of the year Ms. Quindlen said
Stop temporizing
In the early nineteen seventies the Journal wrote about a C. E. O. who didn't know where the complaint office was
In these little known laboratories of colonialism the Europeans learned how to Europeanize a land for their own ease and comfort
Ms. Aulenti puts in green wicker pieces and banquettes
Mellon said its fourth quarter profit plummeted to fifteen point six million dollars or forty two cents a share
With his top executives he is generous paying top dollar and affectionately assigning nicknames
Aluminum Company of America said it will post a one hundred thirty eight million dollar net gain for the fourth quarter mainly reflecting a previously announced gain from the sale of real estate investments that was partly offset by several charges
Harvey Padden of Pompton Lakes N. J. for instance has already purchased a B. M. W. to replace his nineteen eighty four Audi five thousand
It's not only the positions he takes but the vehemence of them that surprises us says a Democratic lawmaker who regularly opposes Mr. Wallop
The letter is addressed to the primary party and government organizations in China the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and the State Council
In nineteen eighty five the last year in which Moore McCormack's shipping business was included in continuing operations shipping accounted for sixty seven point nine million dollars or eleven point six percent of total sales of five hundred eighty three point seven million dollars
In addition to drawing business from domestic auto makers Mr. Roth said the company would try to sell the parts from the new plant to Japanese car companies opening plants in the U. S. Toyota Motor Company for example is building an assembly plant in Georgetown Kentucky
There is concern over reports that the administration is considering replacing Mr. Volcker as the Fed chairman
She says she sees its shares climbing into the fifty five to sixty range
Indeed nothing is routine and predictable around G. M. nowadays as the world's largest auto maker prepares to select a successor to Mr. McDonald who must retire in September when he reaches G. M.'s mandatory retirement age of sixty five
Since then the Social Democrats have been leaderless and fragmented
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday Digital closed at one hundred forty three dollars up six dollars on volume of one million seven hundred twenty two thousand five hundred shares
Initials plus has one point nine million shares outstanding
Someone perhaps Johnny Carson during one of her many guest appearances on his show convinced Ms. Hartley she's vivacious she's going to throw her back out some day living down to that
Too bad Mr. Leonard was not content to write an adventure tale
Mr. Kim's latest Moscow visit is thus seen as one step in the cautious formalization of his son's power
The company said it isn't aware of any takeover bids for it
Oriole Homes Corporation said its revenue in nineteen eighty six rose to more than ninety million dollars from nineteen eighty five's seventy four point two million dollars
The following issues were filed recently with the Securities and Exchange Commission
It is far more difficult to individualize the three million four million or five million people whose health and future will be greatly improved by preventive or technology simple curative measures costing the same amount
Governor Thomas Kean of New Jersey whom Mr. Jacob invited to San Francisco last summer spoke of the need for the kind of welfare reform the administration is proposing
Under the new law farmers with as much as one point five million dollars in debt are allowed to write down the debt to the current value of the collateral forcing lenders to write off the difference between a loan's face value and the depressed value of most farm assets
Just ask Robert S. Hillman and Lawrence E. Kohan who started Eyelab Incorporated an East Coast optical products retailer in nineteen eighty
Mr. Ares said Chips and Technologies will introduce significant products within the next six months but wasn't more specific
In response Centerre said it was disappointed and noted that the company's profits have been rising for three years
A spokesman for Phoenix Technologies Limited Norwood Massachusetts says the company is very optimistic about this year
The newly consolidated division with annual sales of about one point one billion dollars will be based in Houston under the Foley's name
David Rogers New Hampshire Savings' executive vice president said in a recent interview that we learned a lot from the experience with LaRoche
The Canadair spokeswoman said that Pratt and Whitney R. two thousand eight hundred engines which have been used to power the C. L. two hundred fifteen since that aircraft model was designed in the nineteen sixties are expensive to operate because they use high octane fuel that also is increasingly difficult to obtain
Beneficial plagued for years by heavy reinsurance losses that it charges stemmed from fraud by one of its agents finally put itself up for sale last August
Hadson Corporation an Oklahoma City based exploration company with market capitalization of ninety three million dollars has jumped thirty one percent to seven point three seven five dollars a share American Exploration Company Houston with a thirty six million dollar capitalization is up forty percent at three dollars and fifty cents
Besides holding bonds the foundation also did short term trading in the issues of Drexel clients
In addition she has recruited Lyn Nofziger a Republican political operative to press her case at the White House
Guinness has said that the Dewar's trademark was transferred to Schenley on the advice of Ward Lazarus Mr. Ward's law firm which thought the brand would be better protected against imported look alikes if the trademark holder was American
According to Mr. Berger Ten million was the most I could get at this juncture
Much of the credit belongs to Mr. Garrett the mediator who prodded both sides to middle ground
So far the U. S. has been able to sell this debt world wide in dollars
The Treasury said it sold nine point seven nine billion dollars of fifty two week bills Thursday at an average rate of five point four four percent
The Justice Department said Lyn Nofziger may have lobbied illegally for corporate clients within a year of leaving Reagan's staff
As previously reported Mr. Trump a New York real estate developer and investor has said he holds a nine point nine percent stake in Bally and might raise that to more than twenty five percent
In nineteen eighty three Mr. Hu caused a stir by threatening to scuttle a visit to China by President Reagan over U. S. relations with Taiwan
But American would have to act in secrecy lest word of a possible American bid drive up the price of Pan Am's stock too high
The maker of electronic products added that it expects fourth quarter sales to be about ten percent less than the thirty eight million dollars in the third quarter
Russ showed me that I wasn't stupid the computer was stupid says Ilene Guttmacher a cellist from Brookline Massachusetts
Mexico is doing reasonably well
Their combined market share fell from ninety percent in nineteen seventy six to sixty percent at the end of nineteen eighty five
But perhaps they should also cease to make pretenses of concern about the deficit
But it is common knowledge here that the bank buys an average one hundred thirty million dollars a day more than seventy percent of the market's daily volume to regulate the pace of appreciation
They are already used in a wide range of functions probation parole pre trial release and work release sentences
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday Valero shares closed at eight dollars up twenty five cents
If they find the ashes of a gas soaked rag suspected petroleum residue in charred flooring or some other indication of arson at a fire scene investigators take samples to the laboratory for scrutiny by a battery of equipment
As previously reported workers from four other G. M. U. S. car assembly plants are expected to return to work Monday after a two week layoff for inventory adjustments
She uses computers to chart her diet and the shot patterns of her tennis foes
An A. G. Edwards brokerage office in Buffalo has promised to take up to five laid off auto workers from the local U. A. W. G. M. Human Resource Center
Ranger said it will retain a zero point five percent royalty position on total production from the two blocks
The bid values Pilkington at about eight dollars and twenty cents a share
The agency also has ordered N. B. C. to sell two A. M. and three F. M. stations in three cities by December
In addition to The Wall Street Journal Dow Jones publishes Barron's domestic and overseas newswires the Dow Jones News slash Retrieval computerized information service The Wall Street Journal slash Europe The Asian Wall Street Journal and radio and television news reports
Waxman now plans hearings on the issue
Other veterans cut off from C. I. A. financing and needing money hooked up with Miami's burgeoning drug industry says David Nye a fifteen year veteran of the Miami police bomb and terrorism squad
To avoid the accumulation of take or pay liabilities which reflect the value of having an assured supply she pledged to explore ways to increase current charges to reflect this value
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Resorts Class B. shares closed at one hundred twenty three dollars up one point eight seven five dollars and Resorts Class A shares closed at forty six dollars and twenty five cents off twelve point five cents
Federal Mogul makes precision parts for the transportation farm equipment construction manufacturing and aerospace industries
And they fear the situation will get worse once Heathrow becomes privately owned and fees rise further
Industry analysts have said that since then the company's future was clouded by doubts over its ownership and over Mr. Edelman's intentions for the company
Despite agreements at both plants that require the company to discuss its plans with the unions it is unlikely that Caterpillar will reverse its decision a spokesman for the Peoria Illinois maker of construction machinery and diesel engines said
With another fifteen million dollars or so in savings from operational efficiencies he said the company will gain about fifty million dollars a year to pass on to consumers in price reductions
In other contracts awarded yesterday Grumman Corporation's Grumman Aerospace Corporation unit won Navy contracts totaling two hundred thirty seven point seven million dollars for developing F. fourteen and A six aircraft improvements
Wheat for near term delivery rose slightly on continuing fears that frigid weather in Europe will damage the winter wheat crop there
There also will be better indexing including a new company index to be introduced this spring that will provide you with page citations to all stories on any public company anywhere in the paper
Endotronics' latest Securities and Exchange Commission ten K. report says that nearly three fourths of last year's shipments went to two Japanese distributors whose orders this year will be substantially lower
The smaller capitalization stocks didn't miss out on this move
The focus now is on assisting an outsider that would provide capital for the banking concern
Guaranteed minimum six percent
Canada's merchandise trade surplus narrowed to eight hundred eleven million dollars Canadian in November from nine hundred forty six million dollars in October Statistics Canada a federal agency said
Miss Dressler who is now teaching at a middle school in Yardley Pennsylvania says the loan forgiveness was a very strong incentive that definitely shoved me in the direction of teaching
The practice began in nineteen eighty three after oil price declines forced the Saudis and Kuwaitis to stop direct cash assistance
Cellular Products develops markets and produces protein substances used by the biomedical industry
In the same weekly newspaper Tian Lin editor of the Chinese magazine Modern Man calls for merging Western and Chinese culture
The survey of five thousand U. S. households was conducted for the board by National Family Opinion Incorporated Toledo Ohio
When you can measure what you are speaking about and express it in numbers you know something about it
From nineteen eighty one to nineteen eighty five he made frequent trips to Washington often with A. S. E. A. President Percy Barnevik
Many of the new employees are sales and service workers he added
That law was passed in mid nineteen eighty six
Traders said attention focused on domestic bonds which were actively traded all day traders said
Taking their cues from the Orion ads touting writer and director Oliver Stone's actual combat experience editorialists and talk show hosts around the country have latched onto Platoon as the human interest hook of the moment the perfect occasion for inviting Vietnam vets to let loose their pent up feelings about the war on camera of course
Senator Edward Kennedy D. Massachusetts a longtime critic of the pocket veto yesterday wrote to Attorney General Edwin Meese asking for a clarification of how President Reagan plans to use the authority in the future and saying that Congress is entitled to advance notice
Are they great art
The saxophonist is the ninth artist in three years that Alcoa one of the biggest employers in town has sponsored in Evansville
Analysts predict modest to good earnings for nineteen eighty seven
SOME AD AGENCY executives say Lorillard already is planning to modify the campaign
At October thirty first the drugstore chain had about sixty one point five million common shares outstanding
It also sells microwave pancakes
Landings of marines were made to protect U. S. lives and property in Buenos Aires during a revolt
Marines landed at Juan del Sur Nicaragua to protect U. S. lives and property during a revolt
nineteen fifty four to five
Non interest income rose nearly fifty percent to one hundred one point five million dollars a year ago as securities trading profit venture capital gains and the sale of stock received from loan restructurings rose
I like acquisitions says Mr. Schwartz who is also the chief executive officer
Moody's said the rating recognizes the assumption of Republic's public debt by Northwest Airlines after Republic's merger into Northwest
The White House's non denial denials of the story hardly affected the dollar's slide Ms. Bauer said
Tisch had basically proved himself in three or four months said one C. B. S. official
Mr. Miller the consultant added that the other twenty five percent of Edgington's stock has been pledged to another Triad creditor First Security Corporation of Utah as further collateral for loans to Triad's Salt Lake City developments
The eight to zero decision clears the way for banks to compete more directly with the securities industry
Speculation that the U. S. dollar's weakness will trigger an interest rate cut in Japan caused Tokyo share prices to rebound strongly yesterday in heavy trading
Output of synthetic rubber rose two point one percent to nine point two million metric tons the group added
Bread's proper role is that of a medium for conveying more worthy foods to the mouth
Also officials at Alexanders Laing and Cruikshank a brokerage unit of Mercantile House Holdings P. L. C. and Hoare Govett Limited owned by Security Pacific Corporation of the U. S. said they have received requests
If he retreats too fast he risks losing his few remaining allies on the right
She is now engaged in an increasingly tumultuous campaign on behalf of the country's draft constitution to be put to a plebiscite February second
This will happen not because the children are unplaceable but because a new city policy will then terminate current contracts with many private providers
The I. R. S.'s two hour tax return program on public T. V. February first will devote a long segment to the W. four
Thus their payments shrink if the value of the mineral which is set by the Interior Department is reduced
Circadian Incorporated said it expects to report that net income in its fiscal second quarter ended December thirty first was five to six cents a share down from the nine cents a share it previously forecast
Unfortunately Blake's poems are short and the styles shift dramatically from poem to poem without giving the music a chance to build and create any kind of emotional impact
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday I. C. N.'s shares tumbled four dollars after the news conference to close at twenty one dollars and twenty five cents on three point four million shares traded after opening the day up more than one dollar and after rising three point one two five dollars in trading Thursday
Dan Ross admits he is slowing down
For weeks as a declining dollar and French political turmoil forced the mark higher and the franc lower the French tried to avoid a devaluation of the franc by forcing some action from Germany that would ease the E. M. S. strains
They admire the way Americans manage business
Many small growth company stocks currently are valued at the same level as blue chips based on price slash earnings ratios yet the shares of rapidly growing companies traditionally have sold at a fifty percent premium to the market analysts say
Crazy Eddie's founder resigned as chief executive of the discount electronics retailer
Mr. Saunders's departure and the shadow cast over the company's acquisitive tactics may slow what has been one of Britain's fastest growing companies in recent years
Also Mitsubishi said it will enter an official export agreement with Polmot a Polish public corporation that handles exports and imports of motor vehicles
What's more barter trade with Eastern Europe saves money and gives China's economy a non Western leg to stand on
Under nineteen eighty three legislation the normal age for Social Security benefits will gradually rise from sixty five to sixty seven for those born after nineteen sixty
But some of the Kansas Republican's current top political aides worry that the hard charging Sears has a reputation of dominating campaigns and that he isn't a good administrator
Today these two Nicaraguas shape up roughly as follows West Nicaragua with a population of about two point five million covers some thirty four thousand five hundred forty seven square miles while East Nicaragua has an estimated population of about three hundred thousand and an area of about twenty two thousand sixty two square miles
The C. D. would destroy the market for records and cassettes
Under G. A. T. T. rules the compensation doesn't have to be entirely in the form of increased agricultural imports although the U. S. has told the Europeans it would like farmers to benefit most because of domestic political pressures
The acquired companies have combined volume of between one million and one point five million cases of soft drinks annually according to Coca Cola Enterprises
The company through its Auburn Washington based Weyerhaeuser Specialty Plants Division will soon begin shipments of tiny evergreen bonsai trees in a first test of what it hopes will become a lucrative preserved plant market
They quieted down a little bit but they sure never liked my Uncle Jack
Mr. Gebauer admitted that he defrauded Morgan of about four point three million dollars by unauthorized withdrawals from the accounts of wealthy Brazilian customers
It comes at a time when the strength of the Japanese yen has made it as cost efficient for manufacturers to build in the U. S. as to import parts and finished vehicles from Japan
Richard A. Davies fifty corporate vice president of North American tire manufacturing was named vice president of manufacturing at Goodyear's Kelly Springfield tire unit the company said
It is appropriately situated in the city where the U. S. Navy was founded the first steamboat built and the maiden atomic powered vessel launched
It includes seven footers Tree Rollins Jon Koncak and Kevin Willis and a couple of others Cliff Levingston and Antoine Carr who are a few inches shorter but no less swift or hardy
Indeed Brazil unlike Mexico still declines to negotiate an economic austerity program with the International Monetary Fund
Eatsco was co founded by Mr. Clines who also has played a role in the secret National Security Council dealings with Iran
The F. B. I. surveillance trick of searching through trash seemed to him the best way to get the information although it made Mr. Feith uneasy
The Belgian central bank reportedly sold marks against its currency though on a relatively small scale since the Belgian franc strengthened slightly after that country's half point discount rate increase which took effect today
That's always been a code word for Let's put a tax increase on the table Mr. Baker said
Smith Barney Harris Upham reiterated its buy recommendation on the stock citing the Food and Drug Administration's approval for several of the company's new drugs
If the spending limit which is based on inflation rates and increases in the state's population is exceeded the budget would be open to citizens' legal challenges
Prospective buyers included India Jordan Syria and Yemen traders said
In nineteen eighty four the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled that the option was invalid and the commission subsequently required Duquesne Light to refund forty three million dollars to its customers
Drexel never backed away from its commitment to finance a friendly seven billion dollar bid Mr. Black said
Mr. Lerner said the economy will weaken dramatically and long term Treasury bond yields currently about seven point three three percent will decline to six and five eighths percent to six and three quarters percent sometime during the second quarter
Valero doesn't include interest charges in calculating refining results but money managers do
Other broad indexes include the Wilshire five thousand the Russell three thousand and the Nasdaq composite
Yet despite his evident concern over the operation Mr. McMahon apparently never came forward to warn the oversight committees in Congress
Injuries sidelined him after that but he rallied in the final game and managed some first rate pitching or bowling in cricket argot
At General Dynamics which holds hundreds of out of town business meetings each year a spokesman says the company will start severely scrutinizing those trips
Competition is going to get tougher
The Bundesbank apparently was prepared to accept a compromise last August cutting interest rates if the U. S. would agree to stabilize the dollar
Unicorp said it will act as the partnership's managing general partner and will retain a significant minority stake in the range of ten percent to twenty percent
To escape the clutches of Anglo French financier Sir James Goldsmith the Akron Ohio company recently was forced to jettison plans to build large energy and aerospace operations to balance its huge but slow growing tire business
But the State Department as an institution was a constant source of frustration not only to Mr. Brzezinski but eventually to Mr. Carter
I think this is a real crisis says Stuart Butler director of domestic policy studies for the Heritage Foundation a conservative think tank
China is rich in history and culture but we've gotten backward in modern times
Claiming that the bombing was saving lives Mr. Kissinger later wrote This is why the press leaks that came from American sources struck Nixon and me as so outrageous
The investigations now go to the U. S. International Trade Commission which will determine within forty five days whether these imports have caused or threaten to cause material injury to the domestic industry
The difference between the old and the new networks will be the difference between horses and jet planes said Bernard Bennington G. S. A. deputy commissioner for telecommunications services
Before nineteen seventy asbestos was commonly used to insulate buildings against fire and other hazards
He's famous for his memos until not long ago writing them with a quill pen
The conference has opposed efforts of the institute to make institute membership for firm partners dependent on membership in the institute's self regulatory program
He said the company is in negotiations for the sale of the twenty seven restaurants but declined to name the interested parties
The eight directors up for reelection control about fourteen point five percent of the shares outstanding
The company defaulted on the payments in July
Some questions should Soviet troops pull out are too delicate to ask
The combined performance of the commodity businesses dropped Salomon's earnings seven point nine percent in the quarter despite an eighteen percent pre tax gain by Salomon Brothers to two hundred twenty five million dollars
Indian officials said they based their latest court claims on documents Carbide's Indian unit submitted to the government
Some sectors of the U. S. economy seemed to show strength last month
House Democrats repudiated Armed Services Chairman Les Aspin of Wisconsin but chairmanship of the committee hasn't been decided
Died Walter E. Walpole eighty one founder and chairman of Walbro Corporation last Thursday in Indianapolis
There are a significant number of illegal ballots in our view Mr. Jackson said in an interview
The warrants originally were offered publicly in nineteen eighty two in conjunction with an offering in Canada of preferred shares by an Alcan subsidiary
Belgium whose currency also has been under heavy pressure within the E. M. S. raised its key interest rates the discount rate and the Lombard rate by zero point five percentage point each effective today
They then avoid corporate taxes through trading maneuvers and a rule that makes dividends paid to corporations largely tax free
To make them directly comparable each index is based on the close of nineteen sixty nine equaling one hundred
Young also takes a full half of an L. P. with a septet that includes trumpeter Buck Clayton trombonist Dicky Wells guitarist Freddie Green and drummer Jo Jones
Paradox is piled on paradox and double talk is elevated to the realm of supreme absurdity
Idle Wild's parent Idle Wild Foods Incorporated a meatpacking trucking and food processing concern based in Worcester Massachusetts was acquired last year by Union Holdings Corporation a closely held concern based in Independence Kansas
Instead of ruing their vicissitudes and blaming external factors as often seems the wont of many Third World states the Ivorians have tightened their belts and charged ahead
Unskilled young Irianese are migrating to cities only to find that jobs are being taken by skilled ambitious newcomers from elsewhere in Indonesia
Many policemen treat him with deference
In recent years utility executives pressured by shareholders not to invest in an industry whose regulators seemed determined to bankrupt it decided to diversify into unregulated businesses
Even if such a program does not accomplish this purpose rapid advances in conventional defense adding impetus to NATO's current Conventional Defense Improvements initiative offer great opportunities for improving NATO's strength
Fire safety officials want placement of sprinklers in new high rise buildings to become standard practice and are pushing for a new rule in the N. F. P. A.'s influential code
We suspect the Shevardnadze wish is quite sincere providing that the resistance is willing to accept reconciliation on Soviet terms
The Bank of France has been supporting the franc by pushing domestic interest rates higher
To some extent the Canadians agree
It also displays Democratic leaders' belief that Mr. Reagan is politically vulnerable on the issue
On its south side are the Music Valley Wax Museum of the Stars Conway Twitty's Country Store and Record Shop and a score of other institutions for converting stardom to income
Mr. D'Agostino's lawyers in the U. S. said they were unaware of the court action
That would be a mistake
That was down from Monday's average of six point eight six percent
At Consumers he was responsible for energy supply operations and a Lilco spokesman said yesterday that Mr. Youngdahl will concentrate in this area
The transactions had a combined value of two hundred fifty eight million dollars
At the opening bell it appeared the rally might continue at the brisk pace seen Monday as demand from institutional investors in the U. S. as well as in Europe and Japan pushed up prices
Business Military equipment
The processors are priced from eleven thousand eight hundred sixty dollars for a single N. C. R. seven thousand ten processor to forty eight thousand one hundred fifty five dollars for a dual N. C. R. seven thousand thirty two processor
Israeli officials say that before they made the August shipment Mr. Kimche made sure it was approved by President Reagan and that the U. S. would replace any arms Israel sold
Dwight Eisenhower relied almost entirely on his staff to keep track of the government
The quarter's poorest performer was Strategic Silver a silver mining fund which fell ten point four three percent
The move represents another blow in the battle by the administration to slash funding for the C. P. B. which bankrolls public television and public radio stations
Sri Lanka now controls three percent of the U. S. market in shirts and slacks according to Mr. Moosajee. To limit clothing imports into the U. S. Washington applies export quotas to clothing making countries and territories Hong Kong's and Singapore's have been filled for years while those of Sri Lanka a newer entry into the clothing field weren't
Last year sixty nine percent of American medical school graduates who said they'll choose the field were women compared with thirty four percent in nineteen eighty two
Joan Van Poznak
If the catchword of the early twentieth century was simplicity that of the late nineteenth century was clutter
Reynolds Tobacco didn't identify the potential buyers
Pennwalt Corporation said it acquired Pharmasol Corporation an Easton Massachusetts based maker of specialty aerosol products
In Dusk of Dawn nineteen forty he wrote of James Weldon Johnson's service as head of the N. Double A. C. P. I hated to see the fine soul of a poet and litterateur thus dulled and frayed in the rough work of actual propaganda and agitation
Questions may come thick and fast but answers don't
While lawsuits would certainly name the arsonist if identified they said the cause of the fire will not substantially affect claims of negligence or defective products
Star Tours which weds giant aircraft simulators with film from the Star Wars world of George Lucas is the newest theme park show from a team of engineers artists and storytellers whom Walt Disney dubbed imagineers
The merger has been approved in the U. S. the United Kingdom and the Netherlands
The passenger train en route from Washington to Boston with more than five hundred passengers aboard barreled into the Conrail engines
He adds that Cryodynamics is working with the Chinese government to produce nine million new refrigerators by nineteen ninety
A launch on a Soviet Proton rocket costs between eighteen million dollars and twenty million dollars for a medium size satellite about half the current rate for Europe's Ariane
For the first time the administration has submitted a detailed two year spending proposal as part of a five year plan calling for steady annual increases of three percent after inflation through fiscal nineteen ninety two when the defense program would be financed at three hundred ninety six point nine billion dollars
Biscayne also said it acquired Varon and Sons Incorporated a closely held New York manufacturer of toddlers' and girls' underwear for six million dollars
Budget documents released yesterday for the first time made public the three million dollar estimate and administration officials speculated that as much as two thirds of the total may be used to pay for attorneys computer time use of Federal Bureau of Investigation agents and other resources expected to be used in the Iran Contra investigation
Citing the need to shrink the deficit Mr. Reagan said he couldn't fully adopt the panel's recommendations but said he expects to recommend another raise before leaving office
The issue is not whether we need revenues said Chairman William Gray D. Pennsylvania of the House Budget Committee
Under the latest transaction Laurentian Group will acquire from Omer Veillet Geoffrion Leclerc's chairman forty five percent of a holding company that in turn owns a fifty eight point eight percent stake in Geoffrion Leclerc
The British pound fell sharply on the release of a public opinion poll that showed support for the ruling Conservative Party falling to thirty nine percent or near parity with the opposition Labor Party which received thirty eight percent backing
The U. S. government securities markets were closed Thursday New Year's Day
But increasingly local residents and airport operators find themselves pitted against the airline industry and the Federal Aviation Administration which argue that an emerging patchwork of parochial rules threatens to create gridlock in the sky
Walt Disney rose two and three quarters to forty seven and five eighths in active trading
Gold and platinum contracts rose while silver edged lower
The insurance holding company said the aquired agencies are Allen Hart Franz and Zehnder Los Angeles Schroeter White and Johnson Oakland California the insurance agency operations of Springhouse Financial Corporation Philadelphia Todorovich agency Saint Louis and Pilot Insurance Winston Salem N. C.
Canadian steel ingot production declined twenty seven percent to two hundred nine thousand two hundred four metric tons in the week ended December twenty seventh from two hundred eighty five thousand one hundred forty eight tons the previous week Statistics Canada a federal agency said
The department estimates this would save one hundred two million dollars
The percentage was misstated in an earlier edition because of a typographical error
Bancroft closed Friday unchanged at twenty five point eight seven five dollars in American Stock Exchange composite trading
The trouble is he doesn't know of any prototypes and says he never told anyone he did
His contention was that the News Corporation notes he is offering as an alternative to cash still are more valuable than Mr. Holmes a Court's cash offer and that the securities Mr. Holmes a Court is offering as an alternative to his own cash bid would be rejected by Herald and Weekly Times holders
Today many Hong Kong factory owners are looking to expand into Europe or North America
The number of members reporting lower employment in December dropped to twenty nine percent from thirty two percent in November
The president plans to insist that Congress do the same
From the time of Voltaire and Rousseau the secular intellectual has filled the position left by the decline of the cleric and is proving more arrogant permanent and above all more dangerous than his clerical version
It is not the formulation of ideas however misguided but the desire to impose them on others that is the deadly sin of the intellectual
For the year Horizon's traffic was two hundred thirty six point two million revenue passenger miles an eighteen percent increase from two hundred point two million in nineteen eighty five
The biggest a one hundred eleven million dollar project providing six hundred forty jobs on which work is due to start early next year groups Rolls Royce Limited of Britain Fiat Aviazione of Italy and Motoren and Turbinen Union G. m. b. H. of West Germany in a joint venture with Sener Turbo Prop S. A. of Spain to make parts and jet engines for a new European fighter aircraft
In addition to DeBartolo's possible thirty five percent stake in the merged company and its ownership and management of the five shopping centers the company still has a seven year option giving it rights of first refusal on the sale of Jordan Marsh New England Jordan Marsh Florida and The Bon a company spokesman confirmed
It also is expected to increase the pressure on talks between Canada and the U. S. aimed at removing trade barriers
In the long run they won't be doing farmers a favor either
From Florida C. B. S. provided an extended commercial for Disney World featuring Mickey and Minnie Mouse some chorus girls with more clothes and less talent than the Solid Gold Dancers and Melba Moore with Freddie Jackson
Mr. Schwan of the public employees' fund says he would like to use the same approach as the university but can't make such a move without clearance from the legislature and Governor George Deukmejian
The biggest gainers among the blue chips were Thorn E. M. I. P. L. C. and Hawker Siddeley Group P. L. C. each of which gained the equivalent of about sixteen cents
Now because of funding cutbacks he is restricted to caring for the elderly a group that must be given priority under state law
In an interview with Kyodo news service Satoshi Sumita governor of the Bank of Japan said It is necessary to continue policy coordination with each of the industrialized countries this year and as a result the stabilization of exchange rates can be expected
But he concedes that the barometer issued a sunny forecast in nineteen sixty six when the S. and P. five hundred dropped thirteen point one percent for the year and forecast rain in nineteen eighty two when the S. and P. rose fourteen point eight percent
Mr. Kendall has been with U. S. Borax for thirty two years most recently as executive vice president
Unfortunately too much of the current debate over structural economic change is focused on the fear of change and not enough on the employment opportunities being created nor on the conditions needed to support the successful transition from old to new work
Pretoria also said that a black man was burned to death and a bomb explosion injured three black women in downtown Johannesburg in scattered weekend unrest
The maker of book and document binding systems earned nine hundred forty five thousand dollars or eighteen cents a share in the nineteen eighty five fourth period
Stock analysts predict that the economy will expand one point five percent in nineteen eighty six compared with earlier forecasts of negative growth
But many money managers still remain apprehensive about the outlook for bonds later this year
At the same time campaign organizations have to insulate themselves from the fate Mr. Hart suffered when he placed second in Iowa in nineteen eighty four scored an upset victory in the New Hampshire primary and then found that no organizational work had been done for the Super Tuesday round of primaries in the South
The average thirty day yield rose to five point three four percent from five point two eight percent
That cash coupled with two point eight billion dollars drawn against credit lines earlier this year gives U. S. X. a lot of cash to work with said Charles Bradford of Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner and Smith
Its preference stock was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange in nineteen eighty six because of the small number of traders the company said
In Seoul the Trade and Industry Ministry said Korean trade was in surplus by three point five one billion dollars in nineteen eighty six
Fairchild Industries Incorporated eliminated the jobs of four senior vice presidents who had led the company's operating groups
Michael Drury senior economist at A. Gary Shilling and Company in New York says oil prices could return to single digit levels by early spring
And in the London borough of Brent a hard left Labor council acts as an unpaid recruiting agent for Mrs. Thatcher by its Orwellian campaign against a popular local school headmistress for alleged racism
That must worry the Russians
Unisys a computer maker was formed from the merger of Burroughs Corporation and Sperry Corporation
Washington's aim in encouraging the dollar's drop was to help reduce the huge U. S. trade deficit and fend off protectionist pressure
Opening of the bank expands Shanghai's role as pioneer in financial reforms that include the nation's first stock market and a thriving bond market
Although the president said his government is trying to normalize its foreign relations he added We dare not yield to the irresponsible and often superficial demands which will destroy everything created over so many decades by so many generations
Births should reach their highest level this year since the mid nineteen sixties it said
In the S. E. C. filing Bishop said it was insured for actual damages but was not insured for punitive damages
Those who remain scrupulous in their duty to the patient will advise the sickest to go to the H. M. O. with the best record of care delivery
The Australian oil and gas properties are still for sale
The division publishes books and produces a line of how to videocassettes
Spot or non contract oil prices posted solid gains
We'll exceed three hundred million dollars compared with last year's two hundred seventy five million dollars
Net income climbed ninefold in nineteen eighty five to seven point seven million dollars from the depressed nineteen eighty four level and is continuing to rise
Some unusual new ways to invest attracted billions of dollars
Most of the gains stemmed from the smashing success of the American Eagle bullion coin and the Japanese Emperor Hirohito commemorative issue numismatists say
But tough problems remain says Gregory Fager a senior economist at the Institute of International Finance in Washington D. C. There's a host of problems with numbers being prepared by most of the countries he says
Venezuelans are living in a fool's paradise he says and the economy is heading for a fall
Good idea or not mobility may be a new mode for direct dial mutual fund investors this year some analysts believe
Many U. S. oil company stocks sagged despite higher prices for crude Wednesday
Although the Federal Reserve Board adopted a rule that restricted some companies from financing more than fifty percent of a takeover with junk bonds raiders learned to sidestep it
The Fed won't be in any great rush to ease because there are a lot of conflicting things going on in the economy he said
The fundamental question is should everything go through exchanges or should certain kinds of contracts be allowed to trade over the counter says Susan Phillips chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission the futures industry watchdog
Canada agreed to put a fifteen percent tax on softwood lumber exports settling a long trade dispute with the U. S.
Why would you buy a perpetual floater yielding Libor the London interbank offered rate plus five basis points when you can get a triple A mortgage floater at Libor plus fifty basis points asks John A. Thain head of the mortgage finance group at Goldman Sachs and Company
Robert G. Scott head of the fixed income syndicate at Morgan Stanley and Company estimates that as much as a third of last year's financing volume stemmed from just one type of restructuring the buyback of high coupon debt
As reported F. P. C. O.'s tender offer for Petro Lewis's common and preferred has been extended until January fifteenth
Members of the investor group aren't related to the New York developer and casino operator Donald Trump
The E. P. A.'s proposal would require use of protective gloves and aprons while mixing loading adjusting or cleaning equipment used to spread cyanazine
Eventually if rain does not intrude the mold envelops the entire cluster which develops a greenish yellow fuzz at the more progressive whiskers stage
Biceps however hadn't lost their stuff at least not Tom Cruise's
The acquisition will expand Legg Mason's network in Pennsylvania to fifteen offices from ten
The acquisition fits with Borden's intention to become a major force in the pasta business
The book details a wide range of events changing taste in films the making of patriotic and anti communist films various trials unions racketeering even the budding acting career of Ronald Reagan
PREPAYING a mortgage at a discount created taxable income on this home sale
The government's main economic forecasting gauge spurted one point two percent in November the sharpest rise since January nineteen eighty five but several analysts suggested the surge may mask some weakness ahead
The rule won't hit financial institutions as hard as an initial F. A. S. B. proposal on loan fee income made last year
Even the Institute for Policy Studies not known for its Reagan administration ties labels the liberal and anti apartheid Progressive Federal Party as the main political vehicle of industry and finance
A separate fund for loan programs and infrastructure work would rise twenty two percent in fiscal nineteen eighty eight the sharpest increase in thirteen years
Discount brokers as well are trying to undercut the big securities firms' commission rates but with only limited success
Similar letters were sent to the federal Office of Government Ethics and the Bank Board's Inspector General requesting separate investigations
The finding deliberately structured the operation in a way to keep it secret from the State and Defense departments and from the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Back in Washington he sought to explain his actions in a series of bitter speeches on the House floor and in a letter to his colleagues
There are two point seven million Class A shares outstanding
MCorp still owns a majority of M. Tech's shares
In mid December Wedtech dismissed most of its staff and said it was considering filing for reorganization under Chapter eleven of the federal Bankruptcy Code
Niagara Mohawk had expected to begin producing some power at the plant in January but now says it isn't clear when the plant will open
Traders also have been buoyed by the fact that no new issues have been launched in the past couple of weeks giving them a chance to absorb the paper that has been flooding into the market since the fall and January is normally a heavy buying time for institutional investors
They said they might buy more Berkey shares or seek board representation
The Fed's decision came just one day after a federal appeals court upheld the Fed's earlier approval of the commercial paper activities of Bankers Trust's banking unit Bankers Trust Company
The price cuts will put a squeeze on A. T. and T.'s competition said Harry Shooshan a Washington telecommunications consultant
Citicorp scheduled another fifty million dollar sale for Tuesday
The four stores will operate under the name of d'Allaird's which is Marks and Spencer's Canadian unit and sell that group's range of women's outerwear
Says Mr. Jasso a Fort Worth cement finisher I thought it was a good buy
The change may be and probably is only temporary but for at least a few months energy will not be pushing the C. P. I. down and may push it somewhat higher
If purchases aren't made the money is always returned he says
Around the same time Fuji began its blimp advertising in the U. S. following the success of Der Grosse Fuji in Europe
Well I had always thought Carnegie's acoustic reputation a trifle exaggerated
But Miss Skala quickly sent it back
It undermines a useful institution
Closing the deal with I. T. T. is one thing European participation is another an official said
Obviously other factors such as increased energy prices in the nineteen seventies and the world recession in the early nineteen eighties affected these economies
The Manchester based utility recently wrote off sizable portions of its investment in two nuclear plant units
Aero Services International Incorporated said although an audit of its financial statements isn't yet complete the company expects to report a loss for fiscal nineteen eighty six which ended September thirtieth
Since South Korea first opened its doors to foreign banks in nineteen sixty seven they have enjoyed substantial advantages over domestic banks including guaranteed profits from the swap and protection from excessive lending risks
The acquisition would help Hercules supplement its specialty chemicals and aerospace businesses with a wider range of advanced technologies
The Soviet authorities even let him borrow a television studio
We estimate the value of the timber on the lands at today's stumpage prices at more than one hundred thirty million dollars he said
Major corporations with big advertising and marketing budgets will win the national game predicts Mr. Carpenter of Anheuser Busch
If the Susman firm is terminated by the Hunts for any reason other than malpractice or the Hunts drop their lawsuits the firm can pocket the entire retainer
A sixty to sixty five day supply of cars is considered normal but J. car inventories stood at about one hundred fifty days at the end of November
Revenue for the year shrank to seven point nine million dollars from about twelve million dollars for fiscal nineteen eighty five
The sale price is about thirteen point five million dollars lower than the previously announced one hundred three point five million dollar purchase price
A full year before outside auditors declared C. F. S. insolvent a number of C. F. S. insiders led by Mr. Christensen urged Mr. Sheets to file for a voluntary reorganization that might allow C. F. S. to survive
Because delivery generally starts late in the day out of fifteen firms messengers may hit the first two or three on settlement day
In announcing the plan late last month SmithKline said it planned to buy five million to fifteen million shares at a price between eighty six dollars and ninety six dollars each
Lighting up will be allowed only in lounges
The index's closing level also was its low for the day
Rapoca's new owners say Grace certified that it had no mine violations at the time of the sale
British Petroleum owns fifty five percent of Standard Oil
Churchill deplaned and was soon pointing to the wheel and gesticulating to a gang of spade wielding Turks to explain his plan for extricating the aircraft. It didn't work
Zuckerman it could be said helps Mr. Roth to come out with things he doesn't want to say himself letting Mr. Roth hide and expose his thoughts at the same time
Winn a Los Angeles based food processing and savings and loan concern filed for Chapter eleven protection in October a few weeks after its Knudsen and Foremost units filed for similar protection
Prices were signaling the need for breakneck expansion so long as the inflation persisted
He adds We had a lot of things to do
They are transferred to videotape then touched up by computer the original is preserved for posterity
No theft no insider trading
They also are concerned that Cupertino California based Fairchild could drift away from the military business
Most of the analysts in several recent surveys predicted that the economy will remain lethargic for at least the next six months with interest rates edging lower
Universal Health Realty Income Trust began trading shares of beneficial interest last week on the Big Board under the symbol UHT
What's shaping up is a dangerous game in which the U. S. threatens to raise its own trade barriers unless Asian countries lower theirs
After Allied Corporation bought Bendix Corporation in nineteen eighty three chairman Edward L. Hennessy Junior says he never gave a second thought to flying ninety minutes to Detroit site of Bendix's successful automotive operations
It started a catalog business offering to provide churches with most anything they needed from candles and incense to pencils and vacuum cleaners
Last December the company decided to reexamine an idea that was considered earlier but seemed far fetched at the time hair that glows in the dark a novelty in mini doll land
These plans don't offer employees the safety of a trust the money is retained by the employer until the payout is due and could become subject to creditor claims
As a result he got something diesel mechanic instructors probably never hear rousing applause from his students
Meanwhile the S. E. C. is trying to rebuild a wall between banking and brokerages that a panel of appeals court judges struck down in November
But in nineteen eighty the Pachuca miners started holding their own meetings
Meanwhile Saudi Arabia had opened its other not so secret channels to Tehran
For two years it has had applications for such powers from some of the nation's biggest banks
He has become strong enough to withstand operations to correct some disabilities that go along with prostate cancer and the bottom line is that we are elated that he has been allowed to continue to use this drug
The suits which have been consolidated charge that current and former company officers and underwriters of a nineteen eighty three stock offering violated federal securities laws by issuing false and misleading statements that artificially inflated the stock's price
The electric utility a unit of A. Z. P. Group Incorporated said it will redeem the approximately one hundred fifty million dollars in debt at par with accrued interest
In addition the Korean currency is linked to the U. S. dollar meaning that exports to the U. S. from Korea have become less expensive than those from Japan whose yen has surged against the American currency
A Lucky spokesman noted that the restructuring plan calls for redemption early next year of all of the senior debt affected by Moody's move
Mr. Hansen says he had been aware of a problem at Wild Acres but it looked like everything would be settled he says
But his speech was littered with such expressions as vis a vis and as it were phrases the recruiter deemed too scholarly for a boardroom
The thrift has a very diversified very stable base of deposits and a very stable lending business Mr. Keil said
Indeed in an egregious example of marketing hype this book is subtitled Gaining the Ethics Edge and promises to show how to use ethical reasoning as a competitive tool
He is as he recently explained to a group of Washington political reporters a Yale University Law School graduate the owner of a multimillion dollar business the Christian Broadcasting Network and a passable economist
With acquisitions bankruptcy law proceedings and battles with unions Mr. Lorenzo and a small circle of lieutenants have had little time to contemplate management theory in the last decade
No he says testily oh eight was eliminated
People Express however has slashed salaries about twelve percent and in some cases more than twenty percent to conserve cash until it is acquired by Texas Air
U. S. officials are counting on the dubious assumption that with new weapons and training included in the recently approved one hundred million dollar aid package the rebel force can make military headway against a Sandinista army several times its size
Robert M. Wilthew president and chief executive officer of the Sterling Illinois based concern said directors would meet early next week to consider the bid which he said was welcome
The final verdict just may be that a popular president took too much on himself by placing material gain above social justice and democratic principles
The underdog in me comes out proclaims Mr. Warren
Some colleagues complain that he is a loner who failed to even discuss the pardon issue with them
He asked my advice on his plan to boost chicken production from five hundred million to three billion a year Mr. Andreas says adding I told him high protein soybean meal for livestock feed is the key and explained the technology we use to produce it
M. C. A.'s record operation has distributed Motown's records for several years
There has been no official government announcement of the decision which affects eleven liaison offices of Japanese companies
Negotiations are scheduled to resume in January in Paris after breaking off in October when U. S. Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary Robert Cornell blamed the Japanese for single handedly blocking progress
Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North often met privately with Central Intelligence Agency Director William Casey to discuss efforts to free American hostages in Lebanon and to help Nicaraguan rebels administration sources said
Among closely watched issues the Treasury's seven and one half percent bonds due two thousand sixteen rose slightly Wednesday to a price of one hundred one and thirty thirty seconds from one hundred one and twenty seven thirty seconds Tuesday
Aurel Cornea a French T. V. soundman who was held for nearly ten months was the fifth Frenchman freed in Lebanon in six months
A silver plated plaque shows a Tiffany's advertisement arguing that every rich man's wealth trickles down to about one hundred people
Certain analysts opine that dividends are becoming more important first because unexpectedly large dividend increases by Philip Morris and Bristol Myers were associated with stock price runups and second because of the change in the tax law dividends and capital gains are taxed as ordinary income that is at the same rate whereas until now dividends were taxed as high as fifty percent versus twenty percent for capital gains
The shipyard workers believe and a state study supports their contention that a streamlined yard under employee control could succeed
Even where a product would seem to be free of any sex role association most companies stick to the color line
The breads available at ordinary prices are to me indistinguishable from the European versions
Then in nineteen eighty two she left her career as a journalist and enrolled in theological school
Along the road to Damascus the light shone brightly
The spokesman said most of the settlement will come out of the company's pension plan not Xerox's corporate coffers
But the trepidation never disappears from these isolated fields
As in other insider trading cases Mr. Carberry's task in the cases against Mr. Boesky and investment banker Dennis B. Levine has been to lead the government's criminal prosecution while the Securities and Exchange Commission pursued related civil charges
T. V. is a shotgun approach says Richard Stein a Chicago real estate developer who last year used television to advertise an office and retail complex
Communications Satellite Corporation said it signed a letter of intent with Holiday Corporation to purchase the Memphis Tennessee based hotel concern's fifty percent interest in Hi Net Communications for twenty five million dollars
Sales fell seventeen percent to two million dollars from two point five million dollars
World Bank aides acknowledged that these target cutbacks inevitably will result in corresponding reductions in World Bank funding
It also questioned some of the study's recommendations
Cannon is currently scheduled to release about two dozen movies during the year
The tax package still must go to the Diet or Japanese parliament early next year where it is sure to run into a barrage of criticism from the opposition parties
Ultimately the debt is paid with funds generated by the acquired company's operations or sale of its assets
Saab Scania continued but slashed this year's production schedule by twenty five percent
GROWTH FOES chalked up major gains in several California communities' November elections
The decision is a victory for big banks which have been trying to move into the lucrative corporate paper market and a blow to securities firms which have been trying to prevent banks from making inroads on their business
A Colorado farm equipment dealer says the conservation program will idle scores of combines in his county
I. B. M. wouldn't comment on its plans for the P. C. but said production for such low end products stops and starts to match demand
Power utilities which import oil declined and chemical makers were pulled down by the oil speculation
It's so difficult to tell proper prices because there's no one trading he said
Signs of trouble and hence opportunities for shorts are multiplying in the house of specialty apparel retailing
Stock prices fell in active trading dragged down by heavy sales of several blue chip issues such as International Business Machines as well as continuing broader tax motivated selling
Besides the five minute stall the engine overheated once when the co pilots forgot to check oil pressure for a day and a half
The latest information conflicts with assertions by senior Justice Department officials that the delay lasted only about ten days
Thousands of students marched in Shanghai in defiance of the government's prohibition against unauthorized pro democracy demonstrations
Still the book does the best job I've seen yet documenting the crisis for women in American corporations today
Base velocity has been little changed
Maybe even the Galicians could feel excluded
In London yesterday the Financial Times industrial share index gained fourteen point oh points to one thousand two hundred eighty six point one
The basic strategy is to buy the stock of the target company in an announced merger proposal betting that the transaction will be concluded and the stock price will rise to the price being offered by the acquirer
The tale is familiar Even as the West is polishing basic research in a promising high tech field the Japanese are rushing to refine those discoveries and get them to market
Tax experts say age fifty was chosen as the cutoff to gain as much revenue as possible while preserving the perception of fairness toward older people
The show uses machines in eccentric ways
The scientific studies themselves mostly offer suggestions not answers and typically conclude with a call not for implementation but for further research
A decade ago less than five percent of managers and white collar professionals fired from their jobs would start hobby based ventures says Robert L. Swain chairman of Swain and Swain Incorporated a New York outplacement firm
He said the transaction gets a lot closer to living up to our name First Nationwide Bank
Modifications to the rig aren't complete
He said opponents of change however would use the event to underline the danger of opening Chinese society
The American Chamber of Commerce which has administered Pace hopes the school can be salvaged by turning it over to the black community
Many researchers believe the F. D. A. may limit its use to patients with identifiably high L. D. L. a condition that would require a vast screening program to spot
It still classifies leather making and tobacco farming as major industries but has no separate classification for digital computers microprocessors or computer software
Friends say the former president begins his days on Dog Hill by donning gym clothes and working out on exercise equipment next to tall windows overlooking Mexico City
Gray Drug Fair accounted for almost thirty one percent or six hundred seventy two million dollars of Sherwin Williams' two point one nine billion dollars in sales last year but contributed only marginally to profit
Currently the F. C. C. assigns new licenses either by comparing different applicants and picking the best one or by conducting a lottery
Last month the firm was fined three hundred thousand dollars and Mr. Brennan was fined twenty five thousand dollars by the National Association of Securities Dealers in settlement of a complaint that the firm charged customers unfair and excessive markups on securities transactions
Arthur Andersen is a major Chicago based accounting firm
General Dynamics Corporation received a twenty one point seven million dollar Air Force contract for automated aircraft manufacturing technology
It also claims that Tandon Corporation took inventory write downs that benefited Indian companies the Tandon brothers control and made no interest loans of at least fifteen point nine million dollars to three of those companies
I look forward to discussing with you our specific ideas in this regard Mr. Belzberg said in his letter
Tierco Group Incorporated said it completed the previously announced sale of its twenty six percent stake in F. P. A. Corporation to Jeffrey Orleans F. P. A.'s chairman for eighteen million dollars
Actually he thinks Leon Hess chairman and major stockholder would rather sell out than dismember the company although Mr. Hess has said he doesn't intend to sell
Electro Rent Corporation said its board authorized the purchase from time to time of as many as one million or fourteen point five percent of its common shares
Just after the opening at the New York Mercantile Exchange for instance crude oil prices leaped to a high of seventeen dollars and fifty cents a barrel
Some oil stocks moved higher on the news that ministers of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to cut production and sell oil at fixed prices averaging eighteen dollars a barrel
For years teams of Santa's helpers have been hired to answer mail that finds its way to Finland
A late surge of institutional activity on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Friday prompted speculation that the Nikkei average could test the twenty thousand point mark as the year draws to a close
The administration is expected to announce next week that it will negotiate until June thirtieth before taking any formal action on the trade dispute
Only about two percent of the fund or one hundred fifty million dollars is in cash
C. T. S. said its board which met in a regularly scheduled meeting Friday planned to reconvene today to further consider the proposals
But we increased our productivity proportionally by at least that amount and reduced our staff in the linking department by two
Lawyers' careers were and are advanced by bringing cases especially successful ones
Recall that Ed Meese's confirmation hearings couldn't end until Senatorial Inquisitor Joe Biden had so vilified Mr. Meese's character that his wife and daughter began to weep openly at the front of the public hearing room
In Michigan alone the company had sold seventy four million dollars of mortgages but had only about twenty four million dollars in its portfolio says Neal Sutherland the trustee appointed by the bankruptcy court
But in recent years more homeowners have used their property for additional equity either refinancing their mortgages or securing second or third mortgages
A six member Greek chorus chants
The probe covers three thousand two hundred nineteen eighty four to nineteen eighty six Ford vans that have been converted into ambulances the agency official said
But some investors question the ethics of his private deal and whether the failure to disclose his arrangement with the company Century Mineral Corporation may have violated securities law
Dart and Andrews held a pivotal meeting with Mr. Dart's mother Jane and West Coast investors
Such a report would signal the beginning of a herd expansion analysts say despite the fact that the report will show a year to year decline in many measures
In addition falling prices for oil and other commodities have reduced purchasing power in such areas as the Mideast and Southeast Asia
The first column shows the stock of base money the Federal Reserve has created as of the date indicated
Jeffrey Edelman an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated said he expects retailers to post flat fourth quarter earnings because of a combination of slow Christmas sales and the loss of the investment tax credit
The failed bank had assets totaling nine point one million dollars and held eight point four million dollars in one thousand six hundred deposit accounts when Texas banking authorities closed it Friday
Navistar has said the restructuring will permit it to diversify outside of the truck business where demand has been slumping
Asked if CenTrust might revive the acquisition later he said We have no interest in Broward at this time
Greyhound also has interests in food and consumer products and leasing
OPEC ministers warned that Mexico Egypt Norway the Soviet Union and other producers that don't belong to the group shouldn't take advantage
Firestone had revenue of nine hundred sixty nine million dollars in that period
On the most basic level the competitive devaluations are being sparked by unsound economic policies in many countries
Dissemination of the orders at three thirty brought in buyers
Lots of other ways you can love people
Of course the microwave effect isn't the only thing troubling the fast food business lately
Mr. Wilkis is expected to plead guilty to more serious charges than Mr. Cecola
Commodities Dow Jones futures index one hundred fourteen point eight eight off zero point seven five spot index one hundred fifteen point eight four off zero point zero two
Lawrence Walsh the independent counsel who will investigate the Iran Contra scandal climbed to the top of the legal establishment with an obsession for detail a low key style and an appetite for public service
There were no manifestations of ethnic religious or racial intolerance in Bulgaria when it was a free nation
Yet fear grips the capital's street vendors because of the rising crime rate
But for all of the new leader's pledge of openness about the political process even a fairly high Soviet official not to mention a plain citizen is still kept in the dark about what goes on at the Communist Olympus among those twenty or so men who constitute the Politburo circle
A Fine
Northrop and the Pentagon deny that the missile program faces such problems
Fourth these groups will move into areas of foreign policy besides development
One young woman complains that she had to wait for her mother in law to die before inheriting a decent apartment
You must ask the construction company
Investors with far smaller portfolios than Mr. Goldsmith's are in timberland too
American Can which also has interests in financial services and specialty retailing had sales of four point two billion dollars in nineteen eighty five
The arrangement was worked out with the help of the U. S. which previously had opposed efforts by Brazil to avoid formally signing an accord with the I. M. F.
Lincoln National Corporation said its board authorized the purchase of shares of its common stock in the open market
I don't like it but I make it says Ardith Brockman of Joliet Illinois
It may take sixteen dollars seventeen dollars or eighteen dollars a barrel to maintain a viable oil industry in the U. S. says Commerce Undersecretary Ortner
Such a statement if presented today would do much to reassure Nicaraguans who fear a U. S. military invasion but who have no use for the Sandinistas
For Mr. Rizzo to win political analysts say he would need at least some black votes
The two may actually switch jobs
G. E. C. employs one thousand five hundred directly on Nimrod and many of those jobs probably will be eliminated
Separately Standard and Poor's Corporation said it downgraded the debt ratings of Sonat and some units because of the restructuring charge
The temporary plant closings will begin January fifth with six plants scheduled to remain closed as long as two weeks
Consumers also would have to end opposition to Edison's legal fight for a rate increase to pay for the Byron one nuclear unit
These pasta dishes in a jar can be cooked in a microwave and appear to be an attempt to make over SpaghettiO's and sell them to the adults who ate them as kids
Because so many employees have yet to be notified said Robert Morris an analyst with Prudential Bache Securities Incorporated that can't help productivity much
Under the proposed Diamond offer he would have received about eighty million dollars about half of which would be reinvested in the Mesa partnership and a portion of which would be used to pay his income taxes
Mr. O'Connell also was charged with failing to register as a floor broker and with trading after the market closed
Still others have limits on the amount that can be lent or guaranteed at any one time
Britain said it isn't completely satisfied with the California law because of fees required of companies wishing to switch from unitary taxation and unitary tax laws are still on the books in Alaska Montana and North Dakota
With annual inflation of more than one hundred percent chronic shortages and inadequate distribution of goods Vietnam is an economic basket case
Many forecasters expect the funds rate to drop back below six percent early next year
Centrust Savings Bank
SUGAR Futures prices traded in a narrow range and closed slightly higher
S. I. Holdings revised its proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Scholastic for forty eight dollars in stock and debentures
We really shouldn't have attention he says in declining to answer questions or let any of his fifty odd fellow agents speak
We definitely won't target people who always shop with coupons says Karin Brown product manager
The British economy is likely to grow by three percent next year the sixth successive year of expansion at about this rate
The easiest way to stay awake during the after dinner speech is to deliver it
A fourteenth volume yet to come will bring the Boswell chronicles to a close
But when it comes time to bear public responsibility for the consequences of those actions Congress disappears
This is the first time I can ever remember a doll who's climbed up so quickly on the charts says Thomas X. Murn the executive editor of Toy and Hobby World magazine which publishes them
Archer Daniels said the new company called Golden Peanut Company based in Atlanta will be involved totally in the peanut business and will operate separately from both parent companies
One cannot sacrifice the rule of democracy in pursuit of even the most obvious and disinterested national objective
I have one customer who has eleven children and comes in and does a separate personal shop for each one she sighs
Cabinet members feud openly both among themselves and with Mrs. Aquino
That truth transcends all the troubles that afflict organized labor on this anniversary
The press as Mr. van der Merwe said on another occasion would have to give up its democratic freedom for the sake of democracy
Everybody reacts negatively to complexity says Robert Platt a managing director at Morgan Stanley Group Incorporated
At the next bank acquired by N. C. N. B. Exchange Bancorp of Tampa about half of the top three hundred officers left within eighteen months after the merger
He thinks the administration has exaggerated the likelihood of such a move in trying to defend the sale of arms to Iran
However he said the company has prepared for the possible downgrade and has adequate liquidity and resources to handle any change in the cost of funds
Real costs of telecommunications are going down
Lear Siegler Incorporated accepted a two point one billion dollar leveraged buyout offer from Forstmann Little and Company a private New York investment partnership apparently concluding one of the year's most turbulent takeover dramas
For example banks will sometimes increase short term borrowing at year's end to expand their balance sheet both to make it correspond to present budget planning and to report stronger results in their annual reports
U. S. tax law allows U. S. companies to sell bearer bonds abroad but stipulates that if those bonds are converted to registered form they may not be switched back into bearer form
San Diego Gas and Electric Company received a similar increase of fifteen point five million dollars from the commission
But they said the contract continues through June thirtieth nineteen eighty nine
At the same time however the tax act introduces several new preference items and adjustments
Budget officials said the president's budget will show one billion dollars in savings for fiscal nineteen eighty eight from the sale or restructuring of Amtrak assets
He added that Westinghouse is an engineering company and said that few women have entered that field
If we can't hear it from this chairman then maybe some other chairman
The move is likely to draw cheers from Senate Republicans who have been urging the White House to draft legislation of its own to help provide them with a defense against congressional Democrats
And in a rebuff to G. E. C.'s chairman James Prior who was standing only a few feet away in the Conservative benches she refused to show G. E. C. the government's evaluations of the systems
The rate is the fee that banks charge securities firms on loans backed by stock as collateral
The fact is he's a clever man
In November nineteen seventy eight eight point five million dollars of the total was transferred to a G. P. D. escrow account known only to a handful of people including Mr. De Lorean Marie Denise Juhan G. P. D.'s resident agent in Switzerland an attorney who acted as the escrow agent and a second attorney who represented Mr. Chapman
The debentures will pay eight percent interest a year for three years and twelve point five percent interest thereafter payable semiannually
Law enforcement officials said the investigation apparently didn't reveal diversion of profits from U. S. arms sales to Iran to Nicaraguan rebels
American Hoechst a unit of Hoechst A. G. a West German chemical and pharmaceutical giant said it was responding to a second request for information from the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
Daewoo's vulnerability stems from a five hundred seventy point eight million dollar contract Daewoo Shipbuilding and U. S. Lines signed in nineteen eighty three reportedly the biggest shipbuilding order in history
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange yesterday Fluke closed at twenty three dollars unchanged
Paul C. Meyer was named to the new position of executive vice president administration of this toy maker and John J. Driska was named to the new post of senior vice president product engineering
Moody's Investors Service Incorporated said it lowered its ratings on all seven point two billion dollars of debt and preferred stock of Occidental Petroleum Corporation and its subsidiaries
Valeo
Mr. Bargon who says a stay in the U. S. has made his spending behavior more liberal than that of the typical German nonetheless still saves heavily and shuns credit
Harvey Greisman director of corporate public affairs at G. T. E. Corporation cites the logistical problems involved in inviting thirty or forty reporters in addition to one hundred fifty or so analysts
For six years Mr. Reagan has focused on taxes the budget deficit and defense expenditures
Those who prefer fiftieth anniversaries can read about the Hindenburg disaster May sixth and the Japanese sinking of the American warship Panay December twelfth we will see it all replayed before our apathetic eyes
Edward T. Reilly was named president of McGraw Hill Broadcasting Company a New York based unit of this publishing and business information company
If this arboreal cortege stands for the civilization that has immolated itself in war the parade of trees that follows in the final scene is a botanical United Nations a lush reminder that although a tree is best measured when it is down it thrives only while it is up
The agency may be able to eliminate the doctrine after submitting the report
In any case the historian says the condition was only an afterthought reflecting concerns over the Langley controversy the overall contract's main purpose was to assuage fears of the Wright estate concerning the tax consequences of the gift given to the museum for one dollar
Until then the seventeen billion dollar market had proved a cheap source of primary capital
After some delay Revco's board accepted the sweetened offer in August
He said Time doesn't rule out proceeding with one of the magazines it currently has in development
After losses from discontinued operations and one time charges that would indicate nineteen eighty six net income of about one dollar and twenty five cents a share to one dollar and forty five cents a share
S. and P. said the port has benefited from trade with the Far East and that sixty percent of all cargo entering the port is destined for the enormous and growing Southern California market
The probe is likely to focus on activity last Friday when Texas Commerce stock rose two dollars and seventy five cents to close at twenty six dollars and fifty cents in heavy trading
Finance Ministry officials stressed that the Japanese policy changes are still being formulated
Sixteen months after seeking bankruptcy court protection from its creditors Robins has found that there is a daily price to be paid for Chapter eleven
Like schoolboys with marbles President Jose Napoleon Duarte and a tall beefy Texan named Frederick Cuny are on their knees crawling over huge maps of this ravaged city and trying to assess the damage
Separately Murphy Oil's seventy seven percent owned Canadian oil and natural gas unit said it expects to take an after tax fourth quarter charge of about twenty three million dollars Canadian
General Mills Incorporated continuing its strong emergence from a major restructuring posted a fifty two percent profit increase for its fiscal second quarter
A former national amateur boxing champion he has directed the Kronk boxing program since nineteen seventy one
Mr. Mulroney welcomes U. S. investment and is trying to make Canada as hospitable as possible to foreign investors
Officials of Montedison's energy arm Selm S. p. A and Shell Italia Company declined to give details of the accord reached Friday
Iran could afford it even when its oil income fell to eight billion dollars as it did last year due to the drop in oil prices
Avon also bid this year for Eli Lilly and Company's Elizabeth Arden cosmetics business but lost out to Faberge Incorporated
Ultimately smaller card makers probably will be forced to close he predicted
The confidentiality rules would prohibit release of test information on individuals except in certain limited cases
Ashland Oil Company said a unit was chosen by Toyota Motor Manufacturing U. S. A. Incorporated as the primary supplier of lubricants and rust preventive coatings for the auto maker's Georgetown Kentucky manufacturing plant
Blood in the streets
This law does regulate tender offers but not all stock purchases are tender offers
Chevron Corporation Chairman George M. Keller not long ago received a joke present from his son a Wanted poster describing Mr. Keller in unflattering terms
It's a concept that is becoming quite common among the Western tribes
Adds Mr. Huntington Three or four years ago it would have had a severe impact because we'd all be tainted
The ads have set off a stir in the drug industry as well as in the medical field
Mr. Stoddard's activities show not only a reckless disregard for the safety and soundness of the bank but a certain lack of integrity Judge Jones concluded
Among the ten men crowded into a Los Angeles law firm's conference room in nineteen eighty two were Roy Ash co founder of Litton Industries Incorporated and seated across the table Gordon R. Parker a recent hire at Newmont Mining Corporation who just arrived from his native South Africa
However Ivanhoe wouldn't qualify for the dividend except for the shares it already owns because its tender offer doesn't expire until October fifth
Nevertheless it still seems likely that the dollar will go lower and that interest rates are headed up
The Treasury postponed auctions for twenty three point two five billion dollars of two year four year and seven year notes that had been scheduled for sale this week because of uncertainty about congressional action to raise the debt ceiling
But he said the markets are looking at something that is not very visible and are anticipating things which have not as yet happened
The Special Agricultural Worker provisions are among the key victories won by growers' lobbyists before the immigration law was passed last year
Lately though banks' cost cutting and large equity issues have brightened the outlook though investors and analysts are concerned about earnings dilution caused by the stock offerings
Recently however the number of young independent designers in California Glenn Williams Karl Logan and Kevan Hall for example has jumped significantly providing a wider and more sophisticated range of styles including dresses office wear and evening wear
Mr. Williams noted that quarterly revenue grew eighteen percent to twelve point three million dollars
Minority holders include Barclays Bank P. L. C. Guinness Mahon and Company and Ladbroke Group P. L. C.
Among other things the U. S. attack demonstrated the extent of current American operations in the Persian Gulf
Mr. Austrian began his career as an investment banker in nineteen sixty eight with Laird Incorporated and then helped found Dryden and Company a company that specialized in leveraged buy outs and restructurings
No information was available on possible Iranian casualties but the Pentagon said the ship was dead in the water but no longer ablaze hours after the attack
The Treasury's cash balances have been swelling this month as a result of tax payments from corporations
W. S. V. N. fears losing its N. B. C. affiliation and argues that G. E. the parent of National Broadcasting Company is acting in an anticompetitive fashion
While the company may lose some sales during that period the more stable production levels will help keep factory inventories down and will reduce the expense of hiring and firing workers with each fluctuation in demand
The new rate equals eighteen cents on pre split shares a twenty percent increase from the fifteen cents it has been paying
Dana Corporation a truck parts maker said it is discussing the sale of its Summey Building Systems Incorporated Dallas N. C. but didn't disclose the identity of the parties in the talks
The booming Massachusetts economy helps too
Though extremely limited in quantity Sassicaia created a following among cognoscenti in the early nineteen seventies
Richard J. Bertero a trustee of the California Academy of Sciences recently gave twenty five thousand dollars to the academy to fund restoration of the stuffed grizzly bear that in nineteen fifty two served as a model for California's current state flag
Under an agreement with the Israeli government congressional investigators have kept details of the Israeli account closely guarded
Robert J. Harrison president and chief executive officer has described the debt exchange plan as an attempt to obtain the benefits of bankruptcy without actually filing
The operator of acute care hospitals said the sale is part of a restructuring plan that includes the disposal of certain hospitals and the sale of its medical publishing and retail operations
Thereafter it dropped steadily to five point three percent in the last year of Mr. Nixon's presidency and to a low of four point seven percent in nineteen seventy nine when Jimmy Carter signed SALT two
The current system which in essence often involves farmers lending to themselves is inherently unstable as recent events have demonstrated
He said the second half customarily is stronger but noted results for next year won't be comparable because of the asset sales
But Illinois officials concede Commonwealth can't match Texas's promise to supply the project's huge electrical demand for just one cent a kilowatt hour
All the changes growth inflation net exports were positive
Business investment is in fact scheduled to increase by only four percent in real terms barely enough to maintain the existing capital stock given that the forecast is on a gross basis let alone provide the investment needed to generate import replacement and exports
See Global Finance A Special Report Rankings Tracking the Leaders Japanese Companies Vault to the Top in the Annual Survey of Global Firms W. S. J. September eighteenth nineteen eighty seven
The lower dollar has made U. S. products less expensive overseas and that's sparking a surge in shipments of chemicals paper and assorted other products
Its taxation choices are more limited than most states for Florida's constitution prohibits an income tax
That means Ford would have to pay for work shifted to its Canadian operations where labor is cheaper and is represented by the independent Canadian Auto Workers union
Self control
All that iron discipline can do he will do
Traders said the U. S. currency was hit by a report in the Japanese newspaper Yomiuri Shimbun that the major industrial countries are likely to adjust their target range for the dollar's rate to between one hundred thirty and one hundred fifty yen from the current presumed range of one hundred forty to one hundred sixty yen
The company has opened fifty eight Olive Garden restaurants and hopes eventually to own and operate five hundred of them across the country
Units of Singer Company received contracts totaling sixteen point five million dollars to develop communications terminals for the Air Force and electronic equipment for the Navy
The interest rate outlook really depends on the dollar outlook Mr. Hudson of Morgan Guaranty said
Senator Trible didn't rule out a run for another office such as governor
So called growth stocks such as many of the companies in the Top fifty typically sell at multiples above the market's average P. slash E. because some investors are willing to shell out more dollars for their above average earnings expansion year after year
The move gives existing shareholders first crack at the fifteen year five and three quarters percent convertible bonds during a three week subscription period starting tomorrow
States with them could be great test areas for finding the right media mix before a national rollout says Mark Kaline a network radio supervisor at the Ogilvy and Mather ad agency in Chicago
Gap Incorporated's monthlong stock slide accelerated into a rout Friday as analysts and institutional holders suddenly soured on near term prospects for the formerly high flying apparel retailer
Applying U. S. procedures I promoted him to marketing manager
This proposal differs from the Bretton Woods agreement and also from subsequent American behavior because the Fed would actively respond to the strength or weakness of the dollar against marks and yen rather than simply waiting for the Bundesbank and the Bank of Japan to adjust
Some senior Japanese officials are amusing themselves by comparing Japan's ascendancy with the changing of the guard after World War one when the U. S. emerged supreme and Britain began its long decline
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange and the C. B. O. E. are planning to offer futures and options respectively on a Morgan Stanley Group Incorporated index that tracks about two thousand stocks in Europe Australia and the Far East
Currencies very much dominate what's going on in investment policy says Rowe Price Fleming's Mr. Allison
Or stocks U. S. investors have overlooked
About the same time Inspirational Resources was concluding that the relatively shallow depths off Nome were worth mining
Interventionism has always been strong in Ontario whose nine million inhabitants make up a third of Canada's population
The booming Massachusetts economy helps too
The biggest drop in starts came in the Northeast where starts fell twelve point four percent after a ten point five percent rise in July
In Frankfurt shares fell for the second day in a row as investors reacted to Wednesday's thirty six point three nine point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average
The study also found several for profit chains of beauty and business schools with students having high default rates
Many practitioners say this traditional division leaves holes in regulation especially when banks are increasingly involved in securities markets and securities firms are assuming more credit risks
Of course you don't have to be a missionary to get a prestigious job on Wall Street in the post Boesky era but every bit of international experience helps
Commercial bankers want greater access to cheap yen funds
Otherwise eventually there will be a drastic fall in the dollar or a collapse of the monetary system
Besides most investors don't end up using the fund's open ended privileges although many invest because of them
But last November Soviet television broadcast a flattering portrait of a McDonald's restaurant on New York's Fifth Avenue near the Empire State Building that showed employees hustling behind the counter to fill orders
Attempting to get the bill back on track Mr. Wright indicated at a breakfast with reporters that he would accept two major Senate provisions repeal of the windfall profits tax on oil and sanctions against Japan's Toshiba Corporation and would push for compromise on such provisions as the proposed notification requirement on plant closings
Earlier this year Williams sold its fertilizer and real estate businesses and used the proceeds to pay debt
Such new lines are betting that by reducing labor and other costs and by boosting service they can turn lightly used lines into financial successes
Other analysts said they share similar concerns
Since January Raymark which makes energy absorption and transmission products has paid about fifty six million dollars to settle thousands of claims related to asbestos products it used to make
In a typical deal Sanwa Bank recently provided the Ritz Carlton hotel in Boston with sixty five million dollars in credit
Like other low P. E. investors Mr. Price says he doesn't mind sacrificing some advance in stock prices to protect principal
In joint ventures with capitalist countries the Chinese while managing to frustrate plenty of foreigners with their rules on taxation supply of local workers and other matters nevertheless have gone much farther than the Soviets
It sent the wrong message out to the country says Lenny Giteck editor of the Advocate a national gay magazine
Indeed many local unions have expressed reluctance to forgo practices they consider important factory floor protections
Kenneth Leventhal and Company a real estate accounting firm estimates last year's private volume at about ten billion dollars
I think it was disapppointing to a lot of market participants who were trying to work themselves into a lather on the downside
These guys don't want to go said one trader referring to Dayton Hudson management
But the Yale crowd was encouraged by Justice Douglas's dissent that he wanted to take the case
Griswold in which we are talking about a Connecticut statute which was unenforced against any individual except the birth control clinic involved a statute that banned the use of contraceptives
Otherwise Fujitsu believed I. B. M. would have a monopoly on the market for mainframe software
Airport gates and air traffic control systems which the airlines depend on are under the central control of an antiquated Federal Aviation Administration that cannot keep up with the explosion in air travel brought on by cheap fares a Brookings Institution study indicates fares are twenty nine percent lower on average than they would have been absent deregulation
It doesn't look good
Without adjustment the rate stood at ten point three percent down from eleven point eight percent a year earlier
Chart guided technical traders may be putting the next breakthrough target at around ninety cents an analyst said
The Canadian Auto Workers Union accepted a new contract offer from Chrysler's Canadian unit
Mainly for production reasons the Journal's regular reportage is in three sections today instead of the normal two
ONTARIO HYDRO the provincially owned electric utility offered three hundred million Canadian dollars two hundred twenty eight million dollars of ten point seven five percent bonds due December fifteenth nineteen ninety two priced at ninety nine point six two five for a ten point eight four percent yield
Mr. Meyer also faulted the bill for failing to reaffirm what he called the historical state role in tender offer regulation
The report names six other characteristics besides low or no taxes that distinguish tax havens from other countries whose taxes may simply be lower than U. S. taxes
And it will give the Soviets an even greater chance to show that they are serious about glasnost
That followed a smaller rise in July and a three point nine percent decline in June
But it makes us rather nervous
Government officials said the latest output figures were boosted by the revision of earlier data
Dealers marked seasoned fixed coupon issues down between three eighths and one half point
But if prices go up twenty percent more we're in trouble says Marc Kaufman of Albert Kaufman Furs Limited New York
It is the whole bird not its processed parts that offers consumers the greatest value and that value is considerable when compared with beef and pork
That's a real sign of efficiency when you can do that and make a return
Thrifts for example currently may develop real estate projects while banks and bank holding companies may not
Remember Play Misty for Me and Tightrope
The current temporary two point three five two trillion dollar debt ceiling will revert to the two point one one one trillion dollars statutory level next Wednesday unless Congress acts to raise it before then
Insurance companies require state regulatory agency clearance to discontinue their policies in Maine
The Socialists have all sorts of justifications for their silence
Mrs. Buhr who is British used to work for Sheraton in Abu Dhabi
With any debt that has been outstanding so long it would be foolish to think they the Koreans suddenly have changed their minds about repaying it another Western banker said
They both joined Baxter in nineteen sixty six
The figures are in billions of dollars seasonally adjusted
Earlier this month the agency rejected a plan by El Paso Natural Gas Company a unit of Seattle based Burlington Northern Incorporated to impose charges for holding gas
Sales for the period more than doubled to a record thirty seven point six million dollars from fourteen point nine million dollars
Mr. Leonard who is featured prominently in the book A Passion for Excellence and in the video In Search of Excellence is at least as fond of pithy sayings as he is of acronyms and Dale Carnegie
Friday September twenty fifth Friday October second scheduled news program times on N. B. C. Live From China
The new members could receive credit in the Continental program for their total United mileage flown through August up to one hundred thousand miles
Errol Johnstad a pilots union leader and a key figure in union attempts to promote a restructuring of Pan American World Airways died Tuesday in Reno Nevada after a small plane he was testing crashed
Other commercial airlines have followed Air Canada's lead and some have said they will prohibit smoking on all flights
But an UpRight official couldn't say where Chatswood is based
The Reagan administration says not enough is known about the regional effects of warming to consider controls
J. C. Penney Company for one won't pay workers to snitch
From only twenty in May Sony A. D. R.s vaulted to thirty four and seven eighths yesterday after big jumps and swings in prices
U. S. companies wouldn't be able to use either rocket however and European companies so far have declined to do so despite the lower launch costs usually citing reasons of security
But in the long run he said the outlook is rather gloomy for the dollar
At last report the two sides were still haggling over details of the job security plan while also discussing the wage and benefit package
Thus Steffi's sixty one win two loss record this year
The company will sell five hundred thousand and the rest will be sold by holders via McDonald and Company Securities
He had learned about everything it seemed but failure
Still the proposal might help the White House out of a political pinch
Modern amendments have a seven year limit for ratification
The proposed sale to Bass of one hundred million dollars in new seven point five percent debentures also would reduce interest expenses by replacing some high cost debt
Many analysts expect stocks to shake off the bond market gloom and even climb to new highs
But the Chase court promptly declared the acts unconstitutional
I think we're going to see the yield on long term Treasurys rise to ten percent this year he said
As a result of the inquiry Genisco said one prime contractor which delivers the missiles to the Navy terminated contracts with a total sales value of four hundred seventy seven thousand dollars
Public support for the free trade initiative has declined because of an opposition campaign led by left wing politicians labor unions some industries and various religious academic and cultural groups
Unlike conventional procedures the new eye exam machine doesn't require shining bright lights into the eye which causes discomfort and limits examination times
It's the M. T. V. Music Video Awards
The University of Dayton Research Institute received Air Force contracts totaling thirteen point six million dollars for research services
The job security framework apparently agreed upon would fall short of the U. A. W.'s original demand
And now it's read all over
I knew it was coming he says looking away from the busy road that rings Moscow and showing his passenger the displeasure in his eyes
Wall Street sources had confirmed in late July that Mr. Edelman held a four point five percent stake in Foster Wheeler
Hasan Rahman director of the office said that five U. S. citizens and three legal residents work in the office
Marine Midland has assets of twenty four point four billion dollars
The group led by Robert W. Hatch Interstate's president and chief executive officer includes First Boston Corporation the New York brokerage and investment banker and George K. Baum and Company a Kansas City Missouri regional brokerage
The ministry didn't estimate the costs that would be transferred to industry under the new policy parts of which won't go into effect until October first nineteen eighty eight
After the overheated economy collapsed in nineteen eighty two Carrian became Hong Kong's biggest corporate failure on record
Judge Owen commented that his sentencing decisions were difficult Mr. Grossman has five children under ten but added that prison was needed
Where else could you go where everything's within walking distance he says surveying the busy street from under a red baseball cap
Pacific Gas and Electric Company's proposed acquisition of the neighboring Sacramento Municipal Utility District has forced the district to give up its tax exempt bond status
CANBERRA Australia Politicians aren't supposed to win elections by promising pain
All but one million shares of Manufacturers Hanover's new offering were sold in the U. S. and the stock was mainly sold to institutional investors said Curtis Welling the First Boston official managing the transaction
A panel member said Doctor Eugene Mayberry the chairman dismissed the director Linda Sheaffer last week
I have never seen a genuine Hindu Moslem frenzy says Chimanbhai Mehta a Gujarati member of Parliament in New Delhi
In your August third editorial Mens Rea you contend that the Supreme Court's decision in McNally v.
Denny's based in La Mirada California operates one thousand two hundred restaurants under its own name nationwide and seventy El Pollo Loco restaurants in California
Without freedom for people like my husband there is no freedom for anyone
What can they be teaching in such courses
Representative Traficant announced last month that he is running for president apparently as a favorite son candidate
But nothing in this weird cockeyed atmosphere rings true
Just as at the Grand Ole Opry just an hour on the other side of Nashville you're likely to hear legends such as Chet Atkins or Frazier Moss here
I'd call the reaction mixed says Mr. Finn
Their fear is precisely that the power of his intellect and scholarship would leave his stamp on the law and the nation
A former associate describes him as a person of little intellectual capacity but much courage a man who knows how to deal with people
The company said its scientists are conducting a battery of analytical and toxicological tests on the new cigarette including animal inhalation chemical composition and genetic toxicology studies
The strategy is to preserve the large municipalities and give them some of the unincorporated land they've been trying to annex anyway says Mr. McNary
Grant Thornton a major accounting firm is close to an eighty million dollar out of court settlement with Ohio regulators in the E. S. M. Government Securities Incorporated case according to court officials and Grant attorneys
In one thousand eight hundred thirty five the Whig dominated Senate rejected Roger Taney because as a cabinet official he had carried out President Andrew Jackson's order to remove government deposits from the Bank of the United States
John S. Herold Incorporated a Greenwich Connecticut oil and gas engineering and appraisal concern values Tenneco's shares at a mere thirty four dollars each giving the company a total appraised value of about five billion dollars
The company said Li Ka Shing chairman of the Hong Kong based property concern Cheung Kong Holdings Limited acquired a four point nine percent stake as a long term investment
At the very least they consider him a troublemaker and a rebel who might seek revenge for his previous treatment at the hands of the military
The treaty may jeopardize the life of existing equipment and is going to cause us to spend a lot on engineering new products says Richard C. Barnett chairman of the Alliance for Responsible C. F. C. Policy a group of some five hundred makers and customers of chlorofluorocarbons also known as C. F. C.s
Because Revlon stood to gain at least three hundred million dollars if another company tried to top its five point four one billion dollar proposal originally set to expire today some Wall Street sources have been skeptical of Mr. Perelman's motive in pursuing Gillette
It's just like Congress to do this try to help the consumer but confuse the issue in the process says Robert Stephan the attorney general of Kansas
Two government reports to be released today are likely to indicate continued strength in the economy according to many analysts
Then I asked the guys to give me the perfect complement to this business and American Can kept coming back because it has a wonderful plastic packaging business
The crude oil rally stemmed in part from short covering or buying contracts to offset those sold earlier analysts and brokers said
Chemical New York Corporation said it will take a one time charge of one hundred thirty five million dollars to cover costs associated with a major reorganization including the elimination of about two thousand one hundred jobs or ten percent of the work force at its Chemical Bank subsidiary
Often the proud new owners of a copper product manufacturing plant found that they knew little about how to buy copper for example and even less about how to manage their metal profitably on the increasingly volatile world commodities market
God patients are going to second guess doctors all the time about the efficacy of the drugs prescribed she said
Separately the California Energy Commission determined it doesn't have jurisdiction over the plants the company said
U. I. S. a closely held diversified New York concern that makes auto parts owns eight point three percent of Walbro
Hershey Foods Corporation will join the trend in January the old rigid plans it says are no longer suitable for today's employee population
The panel is seeking to determine whether the judge violated the judicial code of ethics when she spoke to two appeals court judges about the law firm
In New Jersey those issues are being debated in the wake of a proposal by New Jersey Bell Telephone Company to offer a new feature known as Identa Call
This year's boom in base metals prices will continue many analysts predict
The question is where that information came from
A revenue passenger mile is one paying passenger flown one mile
By the end of nineteen eighty four roughly eighty percent of the strontium ninety about ninety percent of the cesium one hundred thirty seven and nearly all of the cesium one hundred thirty five resulting from xenon one hundred thirty five discharges that had accumulated environmentally since nineteen seventy three as a result of the operation of New England's seven nuclear power plants can be attributed to Millstone one
It said it would use proceeds from the one hundred forty seven million dollar sale to closely held Keller Graduate School of Management Incorporated to finance its stock buy back
Smokers would also of course have to like the cigarette's taste
THE DISTRIBUTORS moreover say S. B. Thomas officials continually urged them to plow profits back into their operations
Still Mr. Denham suspects allegations of diminishing liquidity in Eurobond markets are exaggerated
Architects in Washington sometimes alter construction designs because of shortages of bricklayers roofers carpenters steam fitters and sheet metal workers Mr. Herr says
Mr. Reagan after all is usually identified with the limited government conservatives
We spent more time on that issue than on the future of the Navy
The ruling by Judge Eugene Lynch came in a case involving the city of Palo Alto California and Century Federal Incorporated a Connecticut based firm
In buying Tracor Mr. Inman also found a company whose management agrees that defense contracting can be done better by private companies that escape the pressure of the stock market to produce short term earnings
But U. S. Defense Department officials said the timetable was far from certain
More like a change of seat
A one point eight percent rise in imports and an zero point six percent drop in exports brought the merchandise trade gap to sixteen point four seven billion dollars in July from fifteen point seven one billion dollars in June
None of these countries is stable he says
Several big fund complexes including Vanguard Group of Investment Companies T. Rowe Price Associates Kemper Financial Group and SteinRoe and Farnham say redemptions so far have been well covered by those cash reserves
The test can remove stressful uncertainty either freeing potential victims of worry or if positive allowing them to decide more intelligently whether to marry have children change jobs in general better plan their remaining healthy years
Banking might fit within that definition but the acquisition of a major bank like Midland also would involve Saatchi with a host of other activities unrelated to its current focus
Although the conditions the Bundesbank attached to the use of credit lines in intramarginal intervention mark a significant dilution of France's demand that unlimited credit should be available for the purpose the formal changes mean that the West German authorities have gone some way to meeting France's demand for an overhaul of the way the E. M. S. operates
Prescott Bush was a towering figure who regularly dashed off to local government meetings or civic functions
Nanometrics Incorporated said it expects financial results for the third quarter to be improved from the year earlier loss of five hundred fifty two thousand dollars on sales of three point eight million dollars
Montedison shares closed at two thousand two hundred eighty lira one dollar and eighty two cents each in Milan on Friday down twenty eight lira
Technicians have redesigned the rocket's third stage engine whose failure last year forced technicians to blow up the rocket and its payload minutes after blastoff
The agreement is subject to a definitive accord and approval from Anitec holders and regulators and to other conditions
The university's executive committee acting on a recommendation by President Dennis O'Brien suspended the school's decision to withdraw the admission of Tsuneo Sakai
Traders often prepare for such economic data by selling borrowed securities in the hope of buying them back at lower prices
But stocks picked up more steam as these two rebounded
The Interstate Commerce Commission ordered Soo Line Corporation to postpone until October twenty sixth the sale of its Lake States Transportation division to Wisconsin Central Limited so that the regulatory agency can review further the transaction
Except for the loss of half our minivan output Chrysler looks to be in pretty good shape for the short haul a company spokesman said
Still the substance of what took place made it a significant week
You might have labeled the proposed legislation to cap credit card interest rates the Intellectually Lazy Consumer's National Protection Act for that is the human species presumably to be helped thereby
The notes which could have been payable next March thirty first represented a potential liability of about twenty million dollars
The new code would allow wholly owned foreign enterprises to operate in Vietnam and provides for joint ventures with as much as ninety nine percent foreign equity and guaranteed full repatriation of profits
Nonetheless the juniors are well worth watching and a tour this week of the outer courts at the National Tennis Center in Queens just across the traffic jam from Shea Stadium uncovered a nice variety of styles and attitudes
Shares closed higher in Frankfurt and Hong Kong lower in Singapore and steady to lower in Sydney
They tested perfectly the day before but now flop in a retest
The study excludes the majority of appeals court rulings that are decided unanimously by three judge panels
But with an election year coming up and spending restraint seemingly thrown to the winds on what should be easy budget cuts these recent trends appear ominous
Scotland Yard nevertheless intends to expand private contract clamping next year to five outlying boroughs
The municipal bond funds are showing marginal net redemptions while the stock funds are holding up with net new sales
In those days before the emergence of home video and independent film distributors he couldn't find a way to sell the idiosyncratic films he was making in Manhattan
With oil prices at eleven dollars a barrel and threatening to go lower Freeport grabbed Petro Lewis for a price that ultimately totaled seven hundred million dollars
Mr. Singleton who as president of the twenty seven paper MediaNews Group Incorporated already owns the Dallas Times Herald purchased the Post from Toronto Sun Publishing Corporation which acquired it from Houston's prominent Hobby family in nineteen eighty three
Both the warring nations of Iran and Iraq which refuses to accept an OPEC quota much less to abide by one are understood to be overproducers
The bidding concept lies at the heart of a host of changes under consideration by the commission in an attempt to introduce more competition into the electric utility business
The site for the talks hasn't been determined
Safeway's chief executive Peter Magowan told San Francisco Business Times in August that Kohlberg Kravis actually approached Safeway about a leveraged buy out before the Hafts surfaced
There are other considerations as well
In Washington Makoto Kuroda Japan's deputy trade minister called the figures very good news and cited them as evidence that the U. S. Japanese trade picture was improving
A. T. and T. closed at thirty two dollars and seventy five cents up fifty cents it was the most active issue in New York Stock Exchange composite trading as volume totaled two point seven million shares
Apparently some generous agents don't investigate alibis extensively which costs the I. R. S. roughly forty million dollars a year
We weren't surprised
At a Damon board meeting V. Jerome Kaplan president and chief executive officer of Enro was elected president of Damon
Most analysts had expected a new figure of one point nine nine billion bushels down from the government's August estimate of two billion bushels
Mr. Wojnilower of First Boston speaking at a Conference Board meeting yesterday noted that huge trade deficits are nothing new
But many more underwriters are involved said Allan A. Martin an attorney for Salomon Brothers
Furthermore the S. E. C. accused Mr. Buckley who also was Allegheny's chief executive officer of benefiting personally from numerous unreported uses of corporate assets including the company's jets
IRAN ATTACKED a tanker in the Persian Gulf after Iraqi air raids
And when the European markets opened yesterday Euroyen bonds rose about a quarter point despite some weakness in the Japanese government bond markets
The cars carry a base price of five thousand two hundred ninety five dollars to seven thousand eight hundred ninety five dollars
Sales from stores open more than a year declined two point two percent
A decline in gold and oil futures prices Tuesday also eroded support for Australian gold and other mining issues
Third and most important the Washington punditocracy including leading conservative sages whose concern for the Democratic Party's health is let's say problematic
Recently the Pentagon has said it won't buy weapons containing foreign ball bearings
And true he serves up fearsome drubbings to conservatives discoursing frequently on the sordidness of their black hearts
The ice cream company recently came up with a flavor for each presidential aspirant running in the state and is keeping a running tally of customers' favorites at its five Iowa outlets
Barnett Lipton a thirty five year old hyperkinetic Radio City producer who began designing the Polaroid project in March decided to cover the company history in a video
She's content to display her photographs on her apartment wall
The key question now is whether Mr. de la Madrid's policies will be continued by his successor after next July's election
Consider the following quotation
Sources familiar with the work of the fifteen lawyer A. B. A. panel said that ten members gave Judge Bork the top rating of well qualified one member voted not opposed and four members voted not qualified
Previously Tokyo authorities couldn't penalize exporters who falsified shipping documents unless the goods were actually shipped
There's no blood and guts he says
Her neighbors in the ritzy Kangnam neighborhood not far from the new Olympic Games facilities called her the Imelda of Kangnam an allusion to the wife of deposed Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos because she had ten mink coats and a bed imported from Italy that supposedly cost thirty thousand dollars
An armed man lurking in a restroom stall robbed sexually assaulted and attempted to rape her according to depositions by the victim and others
As a Christian as an American and as an Hispanic we are most proud of your decision the letter said
The older members of the community have been taught to treat the white man with deference and they still call unfamiliar whites master and madam
The Batan islands midway between Taiwan and the big northern Philippine island of Luzon have had but one moment of prominence when Japan began its World War two conquest of the Philippines on their scrubby soil. Batan is not to be confused with the Bataan near Manila where the infamous death march took place
Ideally a swap won't cost extra cash though it probably will mean giving up a small amount of yield
The plans come amid a government effort to increase the capital of French brokerages making them more suited for high volume sophisticated transactions
Besides prison each received five years' probation and the writing assignment
In the latest indication of how serious that split is Mr. Arroyo openly criticized Vice President Salvador Laurel and Finance Minister Jaime Ongpin in a speech before the House of Representatives Tuesday
The purchase price to be paid over a five year period is conditional on Cygnus product sales
Mr. Abboud said he plans to buy five million dollars of the stock in the public offering
Because their results are always skewed toward the year end Christmas season he explained analysts can maintain typically optimistic estimates for most of the year
A spokesman for the Brazilian Embassy confirmed the report was approved but had no word on its content
FIGHTING ESCALATED between Iran and Iraq in the Persian Gulf
Mr. Ostrander has complete knowledge of Aris's confidential plans for developing the market for the Comfort Slipper as well as those suppliers Aris has discovered to be the most efficient and reliable the company contends in its suit
And it will no doubt be aired increasingly by Democratic candidates as next year's national elections near
But it remained unclear whether the company's problems are widespread enough to discourage possible suitors from bidding
At eighty one she is a tiny raisin of a woman her hair tied back tightly
We soon moved to New York where my father and grandfather went to work for Macy's
The Oath of a Freeman valued by federal historians at perhaps one point five million dollars is now considered to be the nineteen eighty four basement art of the softspoken bespectacled Mr. Hofmann
Right now for instance Senator Helms is blocking the confirmation of a new ambassador to Mozambique in an effort to make the State Department change its policy there
See Bond Corporation of Australia Seeks Big Share of U. S. Beer Market in Bid for Heileman W. S. J. September eighth nineteen eighty seven
The Carnivore gets its roast beast from neighboring farms though not the owners hasten to say from the neighboring Nairobi National Park game reserve
Mr. Pritchard smiles
It stems very considerably from payment of taxes on capital gains that investors chose to realize at the end of nineteen eighty six before the new tax law's elimination of capital gains exclusions begins to take effect
Banks or airlines that don't behave themselves will find their customers going elsewhere
Some senators are talking about filibustering his nomination to death
So many individuals across the country have applied to local officials to open cooperative book publishing enterprises that the government newspaper Izvestiya recently felt compelled to attack the phenomenon in an article titled Backward Toward Tarzan
The question is whether they got their information from Nikko Mr. Matsukawa said
The financial summary seemed unnecessary
To do it every day requires a willing suspension of disbelief
Theater owners cite such films as Warner Brothers's The Witches of Eastwick with Jack Nicholson and Roxanne a romantic comedy starring Steve Martin
On weekdays there's often no wait
Brazil's finance minister dropped his radical plan to discount fifty percent of his nation's huge bank debt after Treasury Secretary James Baker rejected it as a nonstarter
Let us strike he cried
At the Hyundai Heavy strike union officials put their own guards at the gate to keep dissidents and radicals out of the yard
After announcing the tender offer the company said it planned to withdraw an application for the New Jersey Casino Control Commission to rehear the recapitalization case
The combination will give A. R. A. a position in the child care markets of nineteen states
To take one example G. A. F. was at an enormous disadvantage operating as a public company in its unsuccessful bid this year for Borg Warner Corporation Mr. Heyman said
Combustion Engineering based in Stamford Connecticut provides engineered products systems and services
Lower stock and bond prices also gave the market a lift analysts said in expectation that investors will shift funds into commodities as hedges against inflation
The average rate on new thirteen week Treasury bills rose to six point four five percent from six point one nine percent at the previous auction
The spokesman said Bankers Trust plans to complete the offering by the middle of next week
Companies with fewer than three hundred are allowed to stop making public reports with the S. E. C.
But if separated parents are involved in a dispute the person doing the child's return may have trouble getting tax information
BUSH'S STAFF WAS AWARE of the Contra arms network a memo shows
The problem with the American church leadership is that it has tended to identify politics with Washington D. C. and the number of votes in Congress says George Weigel president of the James Madison Foundation and author of Tranquillitas Ordinis a book on Catholic thinking about war and peace
And if you want to dress tastefully you can even wear vanilla
But if the future of the decision is shaky legal historians say its foundation in history is largely solid
It's the Mark Woodforde Show on T. V. back home he whooped after beating Milan Srejber Sunday
Now companies have to prove there's no discrimination or it's unintentional the lawyers state
Mr. Bell forty nine a company founder and its largest shareholder said Mr. Gillespie stepped down because I asked him to
The Fed's miscellaneous credit category including cash loans and certain retail transactions increased one point oh three billion dollars after a one point three two billion dollar rise
That is one of the driving forces behind innovation
Imports fell four point four percent to one hundred five point three billion guilders while exports declined eleven percent to one hundred seven point three billion guilders
Separately the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation reported that lenders last week were asking on average a ten point six three percent interest rate on thirty year conventional fixed rate mortgages up from ten point three three percent the previous week and significantly higher than the nine point nine oh percent rate of a year earlier
Mr. Stein said the four other overseas bidders for Hilton International were the German airline Lufthansa Scandinavian Airlines System the French hotel group Accor S. A. and David and Frederick Barclay of London
Through its tender offer Landis and Gyr would in effect acquire Mark Controls' M. C. C. Powers unit which makes heating and air conditioning control devices
Until recently in fact earnings was something of a misnomer in Anadarko's case
SMITHS INDUSTRIES P. L. C. a British maker of aerospace and industrial products said it completed its three hundred fifty million dollar acquisition of three aerospace units of Lear Siegler Holdings Corporation itself a unit of FORSTMANN LITTLE and COMPANY
Blinder Robinson's founder and president Meyer Blinder contends that the agency should pay seven thousand three hundred twenty four dollars to cover half the cost of reproducing the records according to Mr. Mathews
The antitrust claims which were filed by Hunt lawyers who later were dismissed sought ten point six billion dollars of the total damages
Other Fed governors including Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson have repeatedly expressed the view that rapid growth isn't necessarily inflationary
Far better than the public school leaders who try to control their decisions immigrants know the difference between upward and downward acculturation
ON HIS LEGACY Noting that he took power in Korea at a time of political social and economic chaos Mr. Chun proudly added that today Korea is the world's eighteenth largest economy and its twelfth largest trading nation
President Chun Doo Hwan the former general who has ruled Korea for nearly a decade is finding it much harder to give up power peacefully than it was to seize it in a military coup
Any company with a product in these categories he says would be a project that I really could get excited about
I just never had had production problems in all my business careers it was one of those areas that I never paid attention to Mr. Bushnell laments
Adelaide Steamship has interests in real estate marine operations and food production among other things
Despite the downbeat tone of the general market some issues bucked the trend
Reliance Financial Services Corporation a New York insurance concern controlled by Saul P. Steinberg said it holds five point two percent of Consolidated Hydro Incorporated's common shares outstanding
As expected the diversified holding company said in a filing with the Interstate Commerce Commission that it wants to keep its more profitable Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway unit based here
Therefore it must be looking replacement cost smack in the eye
The company plans to finance the transaction partly by issuing thirty four million dollars in notes to the purchasers
A brief statement cited the impact of continued legal proceedings as a chief reason that Guinness Peat ended negotiations with Leslie Melville and Partners Limited the group slated to assume management control and a substantial equity stake in the merchant bank
Under the Dutch auction procedures Caesars will accept shares in the order of their specified prices beginning with the lowest price until the total reaches eleven million
Your August sixth front page story Northern Mystery Supergiant or Midget Chevron Alaska Well Has Oil Men Buzzing would lead us to believe that our nation one of the richest in the world is on the brink of an energy disaster that can only be averted if a great new field of oil is uncovered
The increase due to a number of plane crashes and lost satellites means nineteen eighty five will probably be the worst ever for the market's aviation sector said John Tilling chairman of Lloyd's Aviation Underwriters' Association
Born and raised in East Germany before emigrating with her family to the West she has unhappy memories of grade school in the East
But a good attorney he says can earn as much as one thousand marks an hour for some divorce cases
In any new production activity there is a learning process
Rickets is a problem in some deep rural areas
Innovation is the entrepreneur's principal function in the market economy but only a few of the textbooks tie entrepreneurship to innovation
In spot trading the benchmark five point one percent issue due June nineteen ninety six plunged three point two oh to one hundred one point oh four
It handles the centrally planned economy's enormous accounting system and reports divergences from the plan
Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Unit common for four point three seven five dollars any time before the warrant's expiration on August thirty first nineteen ninety two
Like Iraq Iran has also established an extensive research effort in chemical and nuclear weapons
That could increase the raw materials available for manufacturing polyhemoglobin by more than two million pints of blood a year Mr. DeWoskin estimates
Tirrena's president Vittorio Amadasi speaking about the portion of his company's contract for artillery powder that it filled before the order was suspended says We imported it legally
The fears raised early in the spring seem to have dissipated as retailers have bargained very aggressively with suppliers he said
Enough records to fill a small room were fed into the shredder evidence that might have proven a C. I. A. connection
Operating expenses involved secret warehouses backyard garages owned by grandmothers were best and off the books salaries for runners the guys who drove into Missouri or Arkansas bought the liquor from contacts there and then humped it back to Oklahoma
Still both the environmentalists and incinerator builders agree on several points
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing the New York investor said he also might consider seeking board representation through a proxy contest or acquiring the company through a negotiated transaction or tender offer
Trucks especially sport utility vehicles and minivans are increasingly being sold as replacements for passenger cars
In nineteen eighty six the company had third quarter sales of six hundred ninety point six million dollars
December cotton rose zero point three eight cent a pound to seventy five point three nine cents
We don't want to get into Steve's way
The U. S. affiliate of F. H. Faulding and Company purchased seven hundred thousand shares of newly issued Moleculon common stock for three million dollars
Despite the recent surge in bond yields to their highest level since January nineteen eighty six It takes a brave person to step up to the plate and say the worst is over said Charles Lieberman a managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corporation When people ask me where rates are going I say higher
P. G. and E. which is closing its much smaller Humboldt Bay facility estimates that it will cost about two hundred twenty million dollars to close the Rancho Seco facility permanently
Several factors might work to keep the dollar from making any further precipitous drop
MEESE MAY AVOID criminal charges in the two probes of him
Another U. S. convoy sailed south unimpeded
Floyd Denison senior vice president investments declined to say how much the company expects to get for the unit
Advatex Associates Incorporated initial offering of one million fifty thousand common shares via McKinley Allsopp Incorporated
About the same time Forbes magazine wrote a glowing profile that called the company an up and comer and estimated earnings for its fiscal year ended June thirtieth of four point three million dollars or fifty three cents a share
The Libyan agency had one hundred sixty one million dollars of the money on deposit in New York when the U. S. imposed the freeze in January nineteen eighty six
The coming of cold weather isn't slowing the sales of short skirts
Naturally the show intends to emphasize facts over fiction and will quiz viewers about the subject
If you have the time to wait and are patient you can do quite a bit better selling on your own
Professional Care is under indictment in New York state for Medicaid fraud
In states where bonds must be sold before contracts are let the contract process and indeed the project itself could be subject to costly delays while regulators satisfy themselves as to the particulars of what is often a routine financing
In addition an applicant can't have been convicted of a felony or have been labeled a habitual user of drugs or alcohol
If completed that offer when combined with the thirty nine point nine percent stake he already holds in Florida Commercial would boost Mr. Culverhouse's holdings to forty nine point nine percent of shares outstanding in the bank holding company
In Texas for example thirty six banks have failed so far this year already surpassing last year's figure of twenty six
Despite agreement on a number of topics the two leaders failed yesterday to fix a date for parliamentary elections
Irrigation is depleting Libya's coastal aquifers
Last week New York City joined six states in making it easier to involuntarily hospitalize homeless people who are incapable of taking care of themselves
There's no self hatred here
Although the plan is also subject to regulatory approval Merc and Reuters officials said they don't expect problems in getting necessary approvals from U. S. or foreign regulators
Professor Fridovich sent other graduate students to scour the biological countryside and they found superoxide dismutase in all sorts of living tissues from primitive algae to bacteria to bananas
And in Texas all eighty stores of Dallas based Tom Thumb Incorporated have pulled Blockade from the shelves according to a company consumer relations official
The Baedeker heyday ended when the family run company lost big money by investing in government bonds during World War one then lost much of its remaining fortune afterward to the inflation that raged through defeated Germany
Some observers have suggested that the governor's identification with the tax could embarrass Vice President George Bush
Fox is concentrated in the South Midwest and Southeast
He is Kirk Kerkorian a Los Angeles financier whose consultants have been studying Pan Am very seriously for the past two weeks sources said
Sales rose six point four percent to two point eight seven billion dollars from two point seven billion dollars
STOCK INDEXES Futures Prices closed mixed as stability returned to a market hit Tuesday by concern about the weak dollar and higher interest rates
Japanese stocks traded as American depositary receipts moved lower following a bout of profit taking on heavy volume in the Tokyo market
Coke's chief financial officer Douglas Ivester says the results have been spectacular as measured by the one billion dollar value the stock market is placing on the Coke entertainment assets being transferred to Tri Star Pictures
Alan Casden chairman of CoastFed Properties the real estate affiliate of Los Angeles based Coast Savings and Loan Association said CoastFed bid three hundred forty million dollars cash for the development units
A spokesman said yesterday We are on the record as saying food companies are awfully expensive these days
Unlike credit cards which give consumers a month or more to pay for retail purchases debit cards immediately reduce a consumer's bank balance by the amount of the purchase
Now there are twice as many from the spartan subcompact Suzuki Samurai that sells for seven thousand seven hundred twenty five dollars to the Range Rover a new luxury British import that costs thirty one thousand nine hundred dollars and has attracted such buyers as actor Jack Nicholson and Queen Elizabeth the second
Three U. S. bank holding companies Citicorp Chase Manhattan Corporation and Security Pacific Corporation already hold securities licenses through their acquisitions of British securities firms
Mr. Pisoni and Ms. Snider are now divorced although she continues to work as the circus's set and costume designer
Magna Group Incorporated a bank holding company said it completed its previously announced mergers with First Granite Bancorp
Some Century Club members anticipate even more glorious days to come
Massachusetts Municipal is paying interest rates as high as thirteen point three seven five percent on some of its tax exempt bonds
We have also sustained our high consumption by in essence borrowing heavily from abroad and we have been using up or consuming about one hundred fifty billion dollars more of goods and services per year than we have been producing
Social policy ought to be a strong suit for this party which has heavy representation from the teaching medical and other caring fields
In the last months of the Ford administration the Communists achieved a record high in an Italian election thirty four point four percent of the vote
Even if that happens September fourteenth the day both contracts expire the union would negotiate with G. M. for a while before any strike
And during next week's summit meeting agreements in environmental matters nuclear safety and the exchange of scientific research will be signed
What ought to worry Senator Salonga more is that if the Yankees go home the Philippine army will be his only defense against Soviet sovereignty
The key factor is that an independent counsel reigns supreme within his assigned area Justice says
Comdata and the unit CMD Subsidiary Corporation said the notes are being offered at a price of fifty eight point nine two one and the debentures are being offered at par
Norskopsjons will be a very broad based and well anchored business with the market making capabilities to succeed Mr. Stenbom said
These moves appear to be a prelude to what would happen in a nationwide restructuring
Stephen Cohen vice president of Gartner said the rumors were untrue and that the firm continues to buy I. B. M. stock
And companies are creating room at the top for a new brand of executive the chief information officer whose duties include monitoring the life cycle of tons of company documents
The lower dollar he contended will elicit a tighter credit policy by the Federal Reserve and higher interest rates
Coastal has been expanding rapidly into retail gasoline stations
Separately A. T. and T. plans to unveil today a desktop computer and a minicomputer
Or is it only nineteen million five hundred seventy eight thousand of them
Perhaps the most prominent example is Melvin Simon and Associates a developer planning to open a mall next year on the site of a defunct Gimbels store in Manhattan
I think this is boilerplate language designed to cover any possible contingency he said
Some of those cost savings presumably would be passed on to consumers in the form of lower prices
In order to show support for the resident companies that already exist in this country Mr. Bell raised about eighty five thousand dollars from private foundations and individuals and secured the Storm King grounds with its two hundred forty seat Walter Reade Theater it normally serves a private high school during the school year for the summer
Alliance Industrial Financial Corporation said it plans to increase its stake in General Trustco of Canada Incorporated to sixty two point five percent from thirty two point three percent through an offer valued at one hundred twenty six million Canadian dollars ninety five point four million dollars
James A. Bryan the president of Airbus's U. S. division denies that Airbus is in business to make a profit
Investigate the working conditions before
Barring a clear deterioration in the economic environment we are confident that the company will at least match last year's earnings
In doing so I become a new statistic for the compilation of caving accidents Apparently the carbide isn't quite spent
The company is believed to have a near monopoly on certain equipment that would be needed in such a project
But without also creating an incentive for collectors its prospects are said to be slim
Labor Ministry officials said yesterday that strikes were under way at six hundred seven companies
When asked to describe professional dress for women most executives also mention tailored dresses and skirts worn with a jacket
Job scarcity solved the problem in Houston
We believe that underlying all the discussion the case has not been made for a need to change
An airplane does not plunge when all power is lost
His comments alarmed bank and S. and L. regulators
Edward A. Kangas chairman of Touche Ross International's executive committee and managing partner of Touche Ross and Company conceded that naming a lawyer head of Touche's international operations is an unusual move
That unsettles some musicians like the drummer who was stunned to find that a few seconds of conga drumming he casually recorded for a friend had been cloned to become the background for the entire Miami Vice theme song
The Inter Agency Country Exposure Review Committee which will hold its third and last meeting of the year on October twenty sixth is made up of three officials from each of the main banking regulators the Federal Reserve Board the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Comptroller of the Currency's office
The data indicate that when a crash was perceived to be unrelated to the design of an aircraft there was no change in the manufacturer's share price
Albertson's Incorporated said it will split its stock two for one by distributing a one hundred percent stock dividend on October fifth. to stock of record September eighteenth
Can't S. and L.s convert from F. S. L. I. C. to F. D. I. C. which ain't broke so nobody's fixing it
Coastal Refining and Marketing Incorporated a unit of Coastal Corporation won a twenty point six million dollar Defense Logistics Agency contract for jet fuel
Ms. Fisher acknowledged however I'd rather write about what I know than about a family that emigrated from another country
Later Ford's top negotiator Stanley J. Surma said in a separate news conference that the company is willing to pursue that principle
According to the F. B. I. affidavit Mr. Stewart told the private detective during the meeting that the jury was definitely compromised and that there will be one piece of paper spelling out the problem
At a meeting in Zurich yesterday Swiss National Bank President Pierre Languetin said last week's intervention by central banks in the foreign exchange market was in support of the Louvre accord
What's more he added the engine facility has benefited from increasing experience
However Wabash Valley Power Association of Indianapolis filed for Chapter eleven protection in nineteen eighty five after the Marble Hill nuclear plant was canceled
Everyone buys a little in anticipation of potential problems in the Persian Gulf but it's not long lived
Yesterday the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell one point one nine to one thousand sixty point eight five
In addition Southern Pacific management is exploring a leveraged buy out of the unit
Rival parties in South Korea agreed on constitutional revisions that will provide for direct presidential elections and other democratic changes
Mr. Shields would seem an unlikely marketing strategist
In Washington Benjamin Davis an organizer with the Service Employees International union which represents janitors said he's heard of dozens of employees being fired
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing the group said that each of its members has executed an irrevocable proxy whereby any two of the members would have the power to vote all the group's shares
His group has been connected to more than sixty terrorist attacks during the past eight years
The request for an exemption was necessary because Jet Capital wanted to diversify beyond airline holdings a spokesman for the S. E. C. said
I think history is the best teacher and when we had dual listing before it turned into a disaster said Michael Schwartz head of the options department at L. F. Rothschild Incorporated in New York
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday J. W. T. shares closed at fifty two dollars and fifty cents up twenty five cents
Physicists these days think of light as particles photons that plunge deep into a solid reacting with its electrons
Energy Conversion Devices Incorporated said it found evidence of superconductivity in a ceramic material at ninety degrees Fahrenheit well above room temperature
Mrs. Chusmir readily concedes her reputation for toughness but contends I don't think you should be executive editor of the Miami Herald and get walked over or publisher of the Daily Camera and be a powder puff
The companies said they plan to develop biotechnology based products to treat cardiovascular ailments infections viruses and tissue inflammation
And the quick profit high pressure marketing environment in the U. S. fits poorly with Unilever's traditional invest for the long haul management style
As a welcome home gift all we have for them is unemployment poverty social isolation overpopulation and the imminent danger that arable lands will be pulverized even more
He later was president of Occidential Petroleum Corporation but left after a clash with Chairman Armand Hammer
For corporations the tax break losses would outweigh gains from the lower rates
The four counts to which Mr. Stahl pleaded guilty specifically involve the illegal transfer of one million dollars in Shearson funds
A similar scaling down is evident for instance in Blue Chip Economic Indicators a Sedona Arizona newsletter that each month polls fifty one leading forecasters
Defensive measures on Gillette's part would probably result in a more highly leveraged capital structure and therefore have negative implications
A federal grand jury here has begun looking into allegations that Northrop Corporation improperly accounted for parts and labor under Air Force contracts for guidance system equipment for the M. X. missile
If he was from the House of Lords
L. T. V. which last year passed its pension burden to the government will pay benefits in nineteen ninety one equal to only twenty four dollars a ton compared with an estimated forty dollars a ton in nineteen eighty six Mr. Marcus says
The F. A. S. B. says that because the universal life premiums can vary based on interest rates and market performance such premium income can't be recorded the same way as fixed regular income from traditional life premiums
He declined to give specifics but he said Sabena wasn't currently holding negotiations with anyone other than S. A. S.
Revenue fell one percent to seven point six one billion pounds
Canada has had a federal sales tax for sixty three years but the existing levy applies to only about one third of consumer expenditures
GenCorp Incorporated said its fiscal second quarter net income surged to one hundred eighty seven million dollars or nine dollars and fifty six cents a share because of a gain from the sale of its New Jersey television station
The goal of Betar is the return to Eretz Israel on both sides of the Jordan River and the establishment of a Jewish state over all of Palestine's territory
J. Thomas Talbot a partner in Shaw and Talbot a real estate management firm and former chairman of Jet America Airlines is standing for election as a new director
A person testing falsely positive not only goes through needless anxiety and family strain but could face job loss and all the other forms of discrimination confronting those truly infected
But their dismay can't have much to do with fears that the streets of New York are in danger of being taken over by bespectacled electronics technicians brandishing pistols
It's a lock
Tell that to the Poles
Rapid adoption of new industrial technology in the U. S. will minimize unemployment rather than expand the jobless rolls a National Academy of Sciences study concluded
Last year's first quarter net included after tax gains of eight point two million dollars or thirty one cents a share from the sale of its Hot Sam Companies unit and the termination of a pension plan
Non OPEC output which averaged more than twenty six million barrels a day last year may rise this year but only slightly
I came away from the Miami Airport with two injuries
We never used it because Mr. Le Pen's backside wasn't very interesting up to now
BankAmerica's chief financial officer Frank Newman is leading the current negotiations for Japanese assistance according to bankers here
He will spend to earn says Arthur Liman a New York attorney who is currently the chief counsel to the Senate committee investigating the Iran Contra affair
At the same time Mr. Liman says Mr. Ross may have made the first mistake by not paying enough attention to Mr. Siegel at the outset
Guaranteed minimum six percent
But otherwise Roxanne scampers along as blithely as Roxanne herself does at the start of the movie after she's accidentally locked herself out of the house totally nude
But contractors insist the legislation extends the scope of pre hire agreements significantly even applying them nationwide to a company after a contract has been signed for only a single job
A senior member of the House subcommittee that oversees election money laws came under official investigation for borrowing thousands of dollars from his campaign fund
Mr. Deikel said he hopes to reach similar agreements shortly with C. V. N.'s sixteen other part owners
A dispute between the Democratic governor and the Republican controlled Senate over two Republican nominees had delayed Mr. Bradford's confirmation five months
Finally most demographers question whether much can be done to change the situation
Every single alternative was considered at the meeting said one official close to the board
He speculated that the move was part of a wrestling match between Transco and its gas buyers
This time around some contracts most importantly the actively traded S. and P. five hundred index futures contract will use tomorrow's opening prices for settlement
Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated's index of long term Treasury bonds gained six point nine five points to one thousand three hundred nineteen point nine eight
The golf writers here lean heavily on Mr. Archer the tournament's media coordinator
Stocks Volume one hundred eighty four million seven hundred twenty thousand shares
C. I. A. ANALYSTS SAID escorting Persian Gulf ships could trigger a terrorist attack
That operation is being expanded because of Domtar's recent acquisition of Genstar Corporation's gyspum wallboard business
As military budgets level off and are reduced Mr. Riebman said fewer new planes will be bought
Even the tiny roles are beautifully sketched
John M. Aschieris and M. Douglas seemed to have the perfect scheme
What actions produce trust
Previous Soviet leaders tried to cow Europe with military might
Coachman Incorporated initial offering of one million six hundred thirty five thousand units each unit consisting of one common share and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant via Fitzgerald DeArman and Brothers Incorporated
Schering Plough Corporation's Coppertone has about thirty percent of the market while Bain de Soleil has about fifteen percent
A Foreign Ministry official said an investigation into the U. S. allegations is under way
According to the filing the group holds two million six hundred ninety thousand eight hundred fifty three Petrominerals shares
Nonetheless the Iranians have singled out Kuwait an ally of Iraq for harassment
Lunch is convivial
Few of those however were safety related and most involved a small number of cars
The Big Board which didn't identify the stock said the alleged violation took place in September nineteen eighty four
This is Detroit says an east side youth worker indicating a block much like hundreds of others in the city
Asked if they expect to graduate from high school a surprising number of the children are positive They write that they want to be nurses doctors computer programmers soldiers
A company spokesman said the owner and operator of the seven Eleven chain is looking at possible restructuring alternatives in which the company can ensure it remains under present management control and operates as a viable company
The logical choice Senator Phil Hart D. Michigan chairman of the antitrust subcommittee had been assured by Mr. Anderson's friends that he was clean
The lush vegetation is very attractive but you can't see the shops says Susan Boyle manager of Burbank's city redevelopment division. The city plans to spend four point three million dollars or four times the mall's original cost to reopen it to traffic
Among the eleven indicted thus far are two former policemen from Revere Massachusetts and the former head of a local Hell's Angels motorcycle club chapter
In the past the administration has complained that the law has substantial constitutional flaws because it provides court appointed prosecutors with discretion that should be reserved for the executive branch
There have also been reports of pod rot a plant disease analysts said
Basically this guy's a theoretician said one lawyer
Engines will be selected at a later date
Mellon Bank rose one and one half to thirty six and five eighths
In the Reagan administration's sharpest attack on the system the department singled out Lawrence Walsh the Iran Contra independent counsel for spending too much money
The ruling ordered the Illinois Commerce Commission to re audit the two point seven billion dollars Byron one plant which has been in operation since nineteen eighty four
A spokesman for Canada Post said the company is compiling a list of people available for work on a standby basis
Among the gainers Sankyo rose sixty yen to one thousand nine hundred fifty yen Takeda Chemical Industries advanced fifty yen to three thousand four hundred yen and Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical was up one hundred sixty yen to four thousand one hundred sixty yen
The Commerce Department's permit allows the Japanese to fish on the condition that they kill no more than six thousand thirty nine Dall's porpoises over three seasons
The quarter will be the worst for the commercial banking industry in five decades but some analysts question whether even the sharply higher reserves are adequate
With the change of circumstances institutions must advance also to keep pace with the times
The sale includes a sales and distribution center in Vernon California
There are also bigger things here paintings by Magritte Picasso Braque and Fernand Leger assemblages by Jean Tinguely and a special yearlong exhibition featuring John Chamberlain's crushed auto parts
George O. Ludcke
A budget cutting U. S. Congress might happily oblige
But recent large increases in loan loss reserves by money center banks which hold large loans to Third World countries are expected to result in the worst quarter in banking history since the F. D. I. C. was created in nineteen thirty three according to F. D. I. C. Chairman William Seidman
Dixons gained one pence to three hundred seventy seven pence and Great Universal Stores was up five pence at fourteen pounds and forty three pence
Quentin E. Wood chairman and chief executive officer said all of Mr. Snell's responsibilities marketing distribution and sales have been transferred to John P. Pearson a vice president for sales who formerly reported to Mr. Snell
Every garden has them
I'm glad they have the self confidence he says of the Harvard M. B. A.s moving into investment banking as he did in nineteen sixty nine
His clothes come from Alfred Dunhill of London where suits range from seven hundred ninety five dollars to one thousand dollars
Office of Drugs officials scheduled hearings on both products before an advisory panel of cardiologists
The business community is concerned too though it supports many of Mr. Vander Zalm's labor initiatives
They say the added tax costs business one point three billion dollars annually
In March the company failed to meet a one point nine million dollar payment on a thirty million dollar debenture issue
Last week Mr. Wortley a thirty four year old construction foreman from Cumberland Maine discovered that he had become an English nobleman
Scepter is a weed killer intended for use in soybean farming the spokeswoman said
Ranger Insurance Company a Houston property and casualty insurance company said it holds a six point eight seven percent stake in the common shares outstanding of Selective Insurance Group Incorporated Branchville N. J.
A Zondervan spokesman said the company hadn't seen the latest S. E. C. filing and declined comment
If J. W. T.'s board can't come up with a better alternative he went on they are going to be very hard pressed not to recommend to shareholders that this is a very good offer
One sign he said will be the level of corporate buying
Moreover the spokesman said earnings for the quarter were hurt by a significant amount of discontinued or phased out merchandise and an increase in the company's provision for inventory reserves
Stocks Volume one hundred fifty six million nine hundred twenty thousand shares
Lamaur tumbled two and five eighths to twelve and one half
Though the speech was intended to counter criticism that the summit didn't accomplish much some of Mr. Reagan's most pointed comments were intended to quell the growing domestic political problems over his plan to provide naval escorts to protect eleven Kuwaiti tankers from attack by Iran
The secretary of state in Manila for talks with Aquino is expected today to sign accords releasing one hundred sixty three million dollars in U. S. aid
Two months after the service began Indiana University medical school held a seminar on prostate cancer at which two urologists denounced ultrasound as a screening method
The airline also will hold an extraordinary general meeting in August to seek shareholder approval to increase the limit on foreign ownership of its shares to twenty five percent from the current twenty percent
In its first quarter Healthcare Services had net income of one thousand dollars on revenue of thirty two point three million dollars
Newton Connecticut based Dual Lite makes lighting and wiring products
But despite such gains there is now a push by labor unions big business and their friends in Congress to raise the minimum wage by twenty three percent
Mr. Bloom points out that these words haven't existed forever
Other opponents raise irrelevant or fictitious issues speculating that the bill is intended to accomplish ends it clearly would not
Farm land prices are down fifty five percent nationally from their nineteen eighty one peak Mr. Drabenstott said but in the Midwest grain belt those values didn't drop in the first quarter
People have been arguing that for the last one and one half years and it hasn't happened yet he says
Now the sitcom has shifted back to the home with a vengeance
We're rarin' to go declared British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the euphoria of her stunning one hundred one seat victory in Thursday's general election
The Class B. stock only could be handed down to heirs a company spokesman explained and couldn't be sold without first being converted to common
Both have been here since nineteen eighty
We find that neither the statutory text nor the legislative scheme sustains the Treasury Department's interpretation of the tax law provision the appeals panel said in a decision written by Judge Spottswood Robinson
When Wayne Owens was plotting his return to Congress last year an old colleague asked him What the heck do you want to come back here for
It's a crisis of major proportions when you think that there are more black kids injured by the foster care system in a year than were injured by the Ku Klux Klan in twenty years says Robert Woodson the president of the National Center for Neighborhood Enterprise a Washington based think tank on black issues
At a time when electronic information services are searching for ways to reduce telecommunications costs that would permit them to offer more attractive services this proposal could undermine that effort and seriously impede public acceptance
Once a single month of M. M. I. options opens these options trade while others begin
Louis A. Falcigno has been involved in every closed circuit boxing telecast produced since nineteen seventy one and he hasn't seen any of them
After his company began selling its dinosaurs in nineteen eighty four through retailers such as Neiman Marcus Bloomingdale's and F. A. O. Schwarz Mr. Goldwyn says Gerber launched a line of inexpensive imitations
Moreover Representative Aspin said the Stark had good reason to worry about the Iraqi Mirage plane which ultimately fired two Exocet missiles killing thirty seven crewmen and crippling the ship
It's a legitimate case for joining but that doesn't mean Mrs. Thatcher will go for it Goldman's Mr. Morrison says
That's in the ballpark Mr. Liedtke said
So while Mr. Bond's admirers view him as a financial genius his detractors say he has overextended his empire through dubious purchases that now must be paid off at a time of higher interest rates
And a further falloff which seems distinctly possible would provide still more confirmation of increasingly difficult times ahead for auto makers
Cooper Tire and Rubber Company is operating its three tire plants at capacity to meet strong demand and will report sharply higher profit for the second quarter and full year company officials said
The level was seven point three percent at year end nineteen eighty six
The rally the strongest since May twenty sixth when prices of some long term issues spurted two and three quarters points was sparked by a lower than expected zero point three percent rise in the producer price index for May traders said
Potential buyers include Ford Motor Company Great Western Financial Corporation and an investor group led by former Treasury Secretary William E. Simon and former Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Preston Martin according to officials familiar with the Bank Board's effort
The Los Angeles Lakers won basketball's N. B. A. championship four games to two defeating the Boston Celtics one hundred six to ninety three
That problem is accentuated by being in a foreign jurisdiction where you don't have a good grasp of the situation he adds
The Emergency Support Team the Delta Force and the borrowed T. W. A. jet all were to rendezvous at Sigonella a U. S. Navy air base near Catania in Sicily
These figures aren't seasonally adjusted
Vietnam is hoping to tempt them with a foreign investment code that comes up soon for debate in the National Assembly
Mr. Kennedy had been senior vice president of Forschner
Chicklet has a multiple personality disorder changing into a check out clerk a talk show hostess a male model named Steve and worst of all the accounting firm of Edelman and Edelman. The root of the disorder is revealed through therapy by a boy on the beach who is planning to study psychology in college
Japan and Germany have come under continued American pressure to expand their economies and import more
Last October second a Times reporter named Jeremy Gerard wrote a story about Michael Bennett's decision to sell a building he owned in Manhattan that was his business address and also the site of rehearsal halls and workshops dear to theater people
A spokeswoman said P. and G. operates one hundred twenty plants world wide and that any further closings of entire plants would represent relatively few of them
One objective of the proposal is to grant companies some flexibility in financing S. E. C. Chairman John Shad said
We French haven't always been good neighbors
Register
With this in mind nine Wall Street Journal reporters looked at the industries they regularly cover seeking to evaluate how each of these businesses has used or misused technology's recent advances
We're using software built in the sixties and seventies not the eighties
As a result some of the biggest securities firms are introducing world stock market indexes each firm boasting it provides a comprehensive measure of world investing patterns
But most of the industry's fledgling biotechnology firms can't afford the costly research and development needed to prove a new substance safe and effective
Lack of coordination within the industry also has kept some technology locked up
Mr. Penzak prefers to look beyond nineteen ninety
The bank has about ten thousand employees
If left unchecked microcomputer specialists warn the delirium can cost companies millions ruin careers and even destroy personal lives
It's not so simple anymore
Some years ago the banking giant assigned a squad of supertechies in California to create a computerized network that could monitor every aspect of a customer's business from a checking account to the status of credit cards
The pocket calculator is the norm
But the lesson wasn't lost on N. C. R.
Under these procedures officials at the F. A. A.'s headquarters use computers to monitor air traffic and when necessary limit it
Though the stock market is likely to respond positively to Chemical and First Interstate's actions Citicorp's stock rose about ten percent in the days following its announcement boosting reserves will depress shareholder equity
The machinists previously proposed a restructuring plan that called for selling the company's non airline assets and granting employees a twenty percent to thirty percent ownership stake
N. C. R. alleged that Messrs.
The program as designed by the Dallas federal bank would allow the brokerage houses to sell certificates of deposit in these troubled thrifts to their clients
Holders were to consider a management led leveraged buyout offer for about two hundred thirty eight point one million dollars at yesterday's meeting
Jerry Jasinowski the chief economist of the National Association of Manufacturers says that with manufacturing prices stable or declining for so long there is substantial pressure to raise prices to restore profit margins
He accepted corporate donations including fifteen thousand dollars each from Dow Chemical Company and PepsiCo Incorporated and gifts from individuals as large as fifty thousand dollars using a tax exempt foundation called the Fund for the American Renaissance
In the week ended June first M. one fell four point four billion dollars to seven hundred fifty three point seven billion dollars from seven hundred fifty eight point one billion dollars the previous week
However at least one broker noted the appearance of somewhat greater offerings of copper in the cash market and attributed this to the impending arrival in the U. S. of copper from London
If you've never been to a water skiing tournament you're missing a treat
Mr. Adams had been in charge of labor relations at Continental and its predecessor Texas International Airlines since nineteen seventy six
Tokyo said the results may signal a turning point
The Tories and Labor see Britain in totally different ways
Prime Minister Gandhi's Congress Party has lost a string of state elections in the past two years and faces an important electoral test this month in Haryana a northern state bordering the Punjab where Sikh unrest continues to vex the regime
But he declined to identify the interested buyers
By selling the Score and retaining the Prime income oriented investors lower their cost of obtaining a given stream of dividend income in effect increasing the dividend yield while giving up some price appreciation
A. M. C. said the plant is being converted to accommodate production of the nineteen eighty eight Alliance models as well as planned production of the Dodge Omni and Plymouth Horizon models assuming A. M. C.'s merger with Chrysler Corporation is completed
Its investment regulatory unit with a staff of only one hundred eighty oversees thousands of mutual fund companies and financial planners
Profit was up in the company's other major business soft drink bottling he said
Canada's merchandise trade surplus widened to one point five six billion Canadian dollars one point one six billion dollars in April as a result of a drop in imports Statistics Canada a federal agency said
Nuclear Data Incorporated said a major bank has informally agreed to provide the company with a nine million dollar secured demand loan to be used to repay existing bank debt and to provide additional working capital
AirCal a West Coast airline will be integrated into American next month
The polls gave the ruling Conservative Party leads of seven and eight percentage points over the Labor Party
At dawn yesterday the big moment finally arrived
Another couple of such small victories and the war of the words will be fought on less unequal terms
Each deal would mean fewer warheads to hit Soviet military targets that pose a threat to Europe
In other words the summer season is upon us
Still Mr. Lafontaine is likely to use his new post as a springboard to capturing the party nomination
The legislation which no Republican on the committee supported despite a long effort to reach a consensus would replace Aid to Families with Dependent Children with a new program that would require many public assistance recipients to work or participate in work related activity such as education or job training
The national daily said that the agreement would be a first step toward the production of Toyota cars in Europe and that it would be announced early next week
The unemployment rate of adult females has recently fallen below the adult male rate after remaining close to it since nineteen eighty two
Subsidized housing should be subsidized by the taxpayers not by the owners
Demand for hydraulic robots used primarily for lifting heavy objects by the auto and other industries has fallen dramatically in recent years
Although their contracts forbid sympathy strikes they know that such major negotiations are usually precedent setting
He confided to an associate after the board meeting he had thought that Mr. Luce was in his corner but that instead he had stabbed him in the back
When Kristy's very own Social Security card arrived I proudly presented it to her and told her it would be hers for the rest of her life
Sales of partnerships in equipment leasing an area favored by the new tax law more than tripled
In national over the counter trading yesterday Scholastic common closed at forty four dollars and fifty cents up twenty five cents
Mr. Nageotte a forty year veteran of Greyhound continues as a consultant to the company and will serve as a director of Greyhound Lines now owned by a Dallas based investment group led by Fred G. Currey
An Allegis spokesman said yesterday that Mr. Pringle is still an employee of Allegis but hasn't been named yet to a new position
The administration hasn't made a formal decision to begin developing the weapon and doesn't describe the research project separately in its budget
For example West Germany's Bertelsmann A. G. last year purchased Doubleday and Company and a British subsidiary of News Corporation purchased Harper and Row Incorporated last month
The Federal Reserve this afternooon is scheduled to release money supply statistics for last month
Becor Western received a merger bid from Davis Mining and Manufacturing as another suitor Lynch Corporation dropped its two hundred fifty five million dollar offer
To make the material one can run a stream of liquid alloy onto a rotating wheel and spin off a ribbon a very thin ribbon that can then be oxidized and turned into the superconductor said Gregory J. Yurek a professor of material science and engineering at M. I. T. in Cambridge Massachusetts
Industry R. and D. spending will grow seven point one percent to sixty two point seven billion dollars this year and seven point nine percent to sixty seven point six billion dollars in nineteen eighty eight predicts Battelle Memorial Institute Columbus Ohio
The dollar rose early in the day in New York then gave up most of its gains and turned mixed in moderately active trading
And many business travelers are relying increasingly on their companies' expanding travel departments
Mr. Quigley credits Mr. Gunn for Exco's decision to sell fifty two percent of the communications company Telerate Incorporated to Dow Jones and Company publisher of among other things this newspaper and Oklahoma Publishing Company in August nineteen eighty five just as the industry started to boom
Experts reacted cautiously to the development
Thus began a year of upheavals and torture for Disney and a year of deception and profit for a group of America's most powerful corporate butchers including Mr. Steinberg Irwin Jacobs various directors and officers of the prestigious firm of Morgan Stanley and those Dragon's Teeth of the corporate wars legions of lawyers from the firms of Skadden Arps and from Weil Gotshal and Manges
Mr. Kuroda said that he told U. S. officials that if you acknowledge improvement by Japan it is very important for us to see that you show improvement too by at least reducing the sanctions
May I say there is a need for this housing desperately in the town of Brookhaven
Last month's estimate predicted that yields would rise to thirty nine point nine bushels an acre
Labor's unilateral nuclear disarmament policy probably hurt too
A T. W. A. spokesman says I have no idea whether it's T. W. A.
Contrary to the expectations of U. S. officials the leaders have spent almost no time discussing the Persian Gulf issue which had dominated Reagan administration activities in the period leading up to the summit
Saatchi and Saatchi P. L. C. last fall hired top Arthur Andersen and Company executive Victor E. Millar to head its consulting arm and promptly announced its plans to become the largest consulting organization in the world
Treasury Secretary James Baker was amazed at the price of his lunch here The small plate of fish cost thirty seven dollars
The extradition treaty between the countries covers only acts considered crimes in both
Since current American Japanese interest rate differentials are already discounting for an exchange rate of eighty yen to the dollar by nineteen ninety seven the U. S. Treasury could even save money if there are sufficient policy adjustments to reduce the need for a dollar devaluation as large as the markets are now discounting
Even so because public ownership overemployment regulation and lack of vision still characterize the European industry the collective response thus far has been fear and resistance to change
The improved competitive position of U. S. capital goods producers executives say will enable them to make the required investment in product development and production facilities to remain world class competitors
The shareholders alleged a scheme by the company to inflate Cannon's earnings and the price of its securities
Mr. Taylor said he isn't concerned about the nature of Mr. Cotter's investment
Millions are unemployed and underemployment is also acute
Last month however Fred Carr chairman said about forty percent of First Executive's assets were invested in junk bonds
As previously reported the estate of Resorts founder James M. Crosby and surviving members of his family agreed to sell Mr. Trump a total of five hundred eighty five thousand sixty seven Class B. shares or seventy three percent voting control for one hundred thirty five dollars a share
His speech here yesterday was designed in large measure to set him apart from the other Democratic contenders particularly Representative Richard Gephardt of Missouri whose support of a strong trade retaliation amendment in the House helped him emerge from the Democratic pack
Tenders for the bills available in minimum denominations of ten thousand dollars must be received by one o'clock p. m. E. D. T. Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches
Genentech moved up two and one quarter to forty two and one quarter as more than two point one million shares changed hands in the O. T. C. market
Sometimes you have to go above the written law she testified
Americans' concern over the power of incumbency is nothing new
Certain retailers and banks were higher on modest bargain hunting and speculation about improved business performance
Nigel Lawson Britain's chancellor of the exchequer said that at the beginning of each year the countries would forecast over the next three or four months the movements of seven key economic indicators which include growth rates trade and budget balances and exchange rates
That would represent an indicated value for the company of about four hundred thirty five million dollars based on nine million six hundred fifty eight thousand shares outstanding
Lear Siegler Seating Corporation said it formed two joint ventures with Japan's N. H. K. Spring Company to make automotive seating in North America
But perhaps only fifty cents
Doctor Minor is a thirty three year old general practitioner the son of a farmer and a midwife
The backlog is valued at more than nine hundred thousand dollars compared with five hundred forty thousand dollars as of March thirty first
The core issue in N. E. C. v.
The loan will be used to build two hydroelectric facilities in the Kalinda River basin and high voltage power lines linking generating plants with Bangalore India's fastest growing city and other communities in the southern part of the country
Emerald Systems Corporation initial offering of one million common shares via Morgan Olmstead Kennedy and Gardner Incorporated
Celanese Canada is fifty six point two percent held by Hoechst Celanese Corporation Somerville N. J. which is in turn a unit of Hoechst A. G. of West Germany
A commission official estimated that C. E. I. and Toledo Edison probably will require rate increases of about ten percent a year for each of the next three years even with the sale and lease back plan
His methods are those of drama rather than analysis
Asia is ours says Lodge
Including sales of some advertising time within the shows by King World itself Wheel for one will bring the company about four hundred thousand dollars per episode in the fall of nineteen eighty seven up from about three hundred fifty thousand dollars currently and ten times what King took in when the show was introduced in the fall of nineteen eighty three
A letter to the A. B. A. wasn't mailed until more than a month after he had placed a hold on Judge Sentelle
Holly Sugar Corporation already the target of two acquisition proposals said it received a competing bid from Brookehill Equities Incorporated a New York brokerage and investment firm
As of May twentieth Mr. Antar and the Belzbergs owned a total of about fourteen percent of the thirty one point three million shares outstanding
Sony Corporation of America introduced a still video camera that records sound as well as images
Apart from the occasional visit of a Sandinista comandante Ms. Soledad lives a quiet life selling ceramic flower pots and retelling tales of her seemingly dreamlike romance
By a five to three margin registered California voters polled by the Field Institute said yes to an earlier primary date
The notes are sold through a selling group managed by Sallie Mae
The changes were made last November twenty first the day before Attorney General Edwin Meese launched an informal inquiry into the Iran Contra affair
Quoting her inscription Give me your tired your poor your huddled masses yearning to breathe free the New Jersey Democrat added She does not say And give me a dollar
Indeed most white collar criminals learn quickly that even without the harsh conditions that characterize many higher security institutions prison means drudgery and boredom a lack of privacy and simple liberties and painful separation from loved ones
What's more earlier this year the airlines imposed a nine dollar a ticket surcharge for flights out of the nation's busiest airport Chicago's O'Hare International
The pressure is really on Manny Hanny and Chemical because they have large Latin American loans and haven't yet announced an addition to reserves he said
In Seoul the dollar fell a record two point two South Korean won against the government managed currency to a new low of eight hundred nineteen won the Bank of Korea said
In Washington Senate Majority Leader Robert Byrd disparaged the agreement to lift some of the sanctions
The Comex and New York Merc have agreed in principle to merge hoping to gain more competitive clout among the nation's futures markets
The division whose units are involved in catering and vending property management health care and building services posted pre tax profit of ten point two million pounds on sales of two hundred thirty one million pounds in the year ended last September thirtieth
In national over the counter trading Friday Informix closed at nineteen dollars and twenty five cents unchanged
A headline in your May twenty ninth letters says Physicians Protect Thyselves
It is not these factual errors that I find most offensive and unfair but the conclusion drawn from them that the movie's principals took a shot at Columbia and its parent Coke
On April fifth the two Kims quit the New Korea Democratic Party and formed the new Reunification Democratic Party
Lulu of course is why six states and three foreign governments rejected the peripatetic gar barge from Islip N. Y. Lulu also has helped to defeat a city's mayor foment ill will between two states and give rise to the latest in overland transport the trash train
The navy's newest ship is fourteen years old and the oldest at thirty one years is older than most of those who sail on her the Defense Department said
Its final report will be published in a few months but members said it won't be revised substantially
The anti takeover measures holders will consider at Friday's meeting include amendments to the company's articles of incorporation providing that certain transactions with holders of fifteen percent or more of Caesars stock changes in the company's bylaws and attempts to remove directors from office be approved by eighty percent of the shareholders
Since press restrictions were lifted following the overthrow of President Ferdinand Marcos last year Manila has become one of the world's most competitive newspaper towns
At the U. N. in nineteen eighty five India was with the U. S. on eight point nine percent of the votes less often than even the Kremlin
Biologically yes but legally
Criminal prosecution and conviction thought lawyers for the two companies would shatter Kidder's already damaged reputation
Kidder's negotiations with the S. E. C. began the following week in Washington
The Tories however would need the money from the sales to cut taxes further and meet their target of an additional fifteen billion pounds in denationalizations by nineteen ninety
Agco a Silver Spring Maryland broker says sales have plummeted thirty percent to forty percent
He spent the night in his own barn at Monmouth Park where it's quiet and he's happy
Vista Del Mar Child Care Services in Los Angeles also has experimented with variations of the traditional agency approach
Whether foreign government's orders can apply to deposits in Britain never has been decided under British law lawyers and bankers say
Arden is expected to cost as much as six hundred million dollars
Though her court victory brought her little she has never regretted filing her suit
Diversa outpaced the static Double B. and K. index largely by loading up on gold stocks early in the year then taking profits in March on part of its gold stocks and bond holdings before those markets fell
I. C. I.'s agricultural chemicals product range will widen considerably
The figures are adjusted for inflation and seasonal factors
You wouldn't do unto others that which you wouldn't do unto yourself
The company said it isn't actively soliciting any more acquisition proposals although its board and its financial adviser Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated are continuing to evaluate alternatives including the possible sale or restructuring of the company
He was the first witness and testified last month that patriotism not profits motivated him to use his private network to arrange weapons sales to Iran and airlift arms to the Contras for the administration
But at this point in the economic cycle he says I'm not so sure it's going to be good for the stock market
Cannon said Mr. Scheer's background is in international law and finance
West German Steffi Graf won the women's title defeating Martina Navratilova of the U. S. in straight sets
Among other things management is considering sweetening its proposal either in cash or a combination of cash and preferred the source said
The following U. S. Treasury corporate and municipal offerings tentatively are scheduled for sale this week according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report
But the Germans who for more than a year have resisted world demands for a more expansionary policy argue that the first quarter was an aberration
Prohibit companies from tapping surplus corporate pension funds to pay takeover debts until five years after the takeover
Hill Samuel said pre tax profit in the second half slipped zero point six percent to thirty three point nine million pounds fifty five point seven million dollars from thirty four point one million pounds a year earlier
And though he doesn't always win his legislative battles he has managed to become one of Congress's most influential members
I'm willing to talk to anyone willing to do a deal including Amoco he said
Mr. Ricklefs is a national correspondent for the Journal based in New York
But then this is pioneering research as Mr. Knutson readily admits when he gives proper credit to the dean of enroadment New Englander James Simmons author of the ground breaking nineteen thirty eight classic Feathers and Fur on the Turnpike
The beauty of having worked on superconductor applications in the past is that we know what numbers are likely to change with improved technology says Michael Jeffries a General Electric Company research manager
Mr. Hosp says four percent of the people who got videos called in but virtually none of them made purchases over the phone because the operators couldn't answer questions about sizes and colors
If you're first you can afford to be good enough software developer Daniel Bricklin said
The lineup isn't a happy scene
It is that intuitive approach to business combined with Mr. Turner's grim tenacity that has given Turner Broadcasting its peculiar shape
It would only be fair
Long dependent on labor from Mexico Western growers may be the hardest hit so far
We all knew we had something very special
It isn't clear he would have the support to do that
J. William Brandner executive vice president of Harcourt said the court's clarification is necessary because the standard provision didn't contemplate a transaction of this kind
If Republican candidates had held their own among black voters in Alabama California Florida Georgia Louisiana and North Carolina the G. O. P. would still control the Senate
Mr. Rothberg who said he has been negative on the company for the past three quarters thinks Worlds of Wonder faces continued difficult times in the months ahead
To be sure a subway ticket's price one rupee about eight cents is beyond the means of Calcutta's poor
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Texaco closed at thirty seven point six two five dollars down twenty five cents while Pennzoil rose eighty seven point five cents to eighty four point six two five dollars
But you can't replace that location
General Signal said it rearranged dozens of products and executives in its seven semiconductor equipment units
The project known as Harborside Financial Center will be located in the Exchange Place district of Jersey City a quickly developing area linked by commuter trains to Manhattan
Janet Guyon and William Power contributed to this article
Negotiators for South Korea and the International Monetary Fund remain far apart on the I. M. F.'s call for a substantial rise in the exchange rate of the South Korean currency the won government officials said
Even the falling dollar boosted B. C. I.'s overseas sales
Ultimately Placid hopes to rely on potential proceeds from its controversial plan to drill in the Gulf of Mexico
After rising less than three percent in nineteen eighty five and nineteen eighty six the apparel consumer price index jumped four percent during the first four months of this year said Donald Ratajczak director of the economic forecasting center at Georgia State University
Dozens of opposition members began a hunger strike in the chamber
The S. E. C. moved to impose a one share one vote rule on the nation's stock markets after negotiations among the three biggest collapsed
His agency however tentatively approved a policy statement recently saying that it may require a higher initial capital level for converting thrifts than it does for other banks based on the kind and quality of the institution's loans
New Dealers complained that newspaper publishers were notoriously unenlightened their solution was a ban on radio station ownership by newspapermen
After toting up this oddball plant's virtues gardeners might well give thanks for the end of the Actinidia eclipse
Fans may miss his wild cackle the darkly absurdist tilt on the world that distinguishes most of his work
We were dealing with a bad batch of Slime recalls Mr. Lott
To visitors the big noisy room has the feel of a video arcade
Its silliness apparently the result of the reporter having been caught in a thirty year old time warp was best illustrated by the claim that Princeton men still stand when women enter the clubs' dining rooms
In secondary trading dealers marked prices of fixed coupon issues down one quarter to one half point primarily adjusting to early trading in U. S. Treasury markets
S. and P. said the rating continues to be investment grade because the district's financial performance is projected to remain adequate to pay debt service and because the economy in its service area remains strong
The company already has cut about ten thousand of the seventy five thousand products it offered a year ago
That means young people but it also includes the middle aged lawyer who would show up at court on a scooter
Auto stocks which had double digit losses Tuesday recovered some ground
It has the world's most highly developed infrastructure of roads rivers railroads and ports
Those other players have stacked up generally impressive credentials
The company said two thousand eight hundred hourly workers received the offers yesterday in a move to trim its payroll by year's end
Alley Watada research leader for the federal Agricultural Research Service's horticultural crops quality laboratory in Beltsville Maryland says his group's work will be aimed at learning more about such things as simple sugars that can affect ripening and at identifying the function of specific tomato genes
But activists say Mr. Sullivan's new stance is likely to damage the code's effectiveness
Although U. S. bankers reacted coolly to the proposal two of them who declined to be identified said Mr. Bresser Pereira's statements could be evidence of a greater flexibility toward negotiating a solution to the country's stalled foreign bank debt after Citicorp's announcement May nineteenth that it is placing three billion dollars extra in loan loss reserves
America's four point four trillion dollars gross national product its output of goods and services dwarfs Japan's two point four trillion dollars economy
As previously reported Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone and other Japanese officials said that Japan intends to provide the equivalent of more than twenty billion dollars in loans and other financial assistance to developing countries in Asia Latin America and Africa in the next three years
STATES BOOST TOURISM with increasing sophistication and zeal
The bank estimates that home equity loans accounted for twenty three billion dollars in one to four family home mortgage loans outstanding at the end of March far lower than recent estimates of forty billion dollars by some bank and thrift analysts
Specifically the Democrats are planning to bundle the nineteen point five billion dollars of tax increases into the same piece of legislation allocating the seven billion dollars necessary to reach the compromise figure for military outlays
Crazy Eddie stock has short circuited recently
Japanese banks willingly lend one million dollars and more to ordinary homeowners as second mortgages collateralized by the tremendous rise in the market value of the land under the modest dwellings
Wall Street analysts have said for some time that money management operations would bring a hefty price if sold to the public because of asset management's relatively fast growth in recent years and its high profit margins
The new questions about the value of transforming the election into a generational crusade also emerge from analyses of poll data showing that Baby Boom voters tend to be motivated more by economic circumstances and education than by their allegiance to their generation
Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated's index of long term Treasury bonds rose eighteen point three four points to one thousand two hundred seventy three point seven four
A spokesman for the European consortium declined to comment
Technology stocks were among yesterday's star performers but Hewlett Packard and Control Data failed to join the pack
Calm also returned to the currency markets in Tokyo where Japanese officials voiced support for the economist named to run the Fed
On Tuesday EQUITICORP TASMAN LIMITED a New Zealand investment concern launched an offer of nearly six hundred fifty million Australian dollars four hundred sixty five million dollars for Monier topping a five hundred ninety three million dollar bid by C. S. R. LIMITED an Australian sugar refining and building materials company
The libel suit has been called a politically pivotal move for Mr. Laxalt who recently said he's looking into a run for the presidency
The factory which is to make Waertsilae engines under license will be owned and operated by Soviet authorities and will have the capacity to produce one hundred engines a year
Mr. Norrington comes out of the thoroughly amateur native British tradition of music making
Mannessman has diversified from its steel pipe business in recent years but pipe production still accounts for twenty seven percent of total sales
Swampscott an upper middle class suburb of fourteen thousand residents north of Boston began playing Massachusetts Megabucks a year ago when faced with a shortfall of about four hundred fifty thousand dollars in its fifteen million dollar annual budget
It then slipped a bit on profit taking and tumbled to a loss of thirteen point seven following the news of Mr. Volcker's resignation
Moreover community based voluntary care for patients with chronic mental disorders turns out to be much more expensive and much more difficult to organize and sustain than had been expected
As a presidential candidate Mr. Bradley is a more realistic possibility than such other current noncombatants as Georgia Senator Sam Nunn and New York Governor Mario Cuomo
Indeed the main fear of the markets in recent months has been that the Fed has eased too much
As a company we're going to be around Mr. McClellan says
Of the total two million two hundred fifty thousand shares were sold by the company and the rest by a holder
It's Pepsi she explains to an interviewer
Then in the past few weeks some promises of funds evaporated one boat was bounced because of a legal squabble and a skipper failed in a grandstand play to get his country's sailing federation to pay him a huge sum to sail its boat
Though the U. S. has been spared the burden of pediatric AIDS carried by Africa this too is growing
The newest figures on productivity the measure of output for each hour worked came amid reports suggesting the economy is growing only modestly
S. and P. affirmed its single C. rating on the parent company's preferred
Security Pacific rose one quarter to thirty eight and five eighths
The unsold balance as of late yesterday was about fifty three million dollars
Gorbachev is a particularly skilled politician says Craig Gold a bank clerk
The assistant secretary said he met in August nineteen eighty six with a representative of the Sultan of Brunei in a London park
Another company getting favorable but somewhat guarded reviews is Browning Ferris Industries
The team tried out twenty candidates for the job before concluding that Juan Ibarra a bookstore manager communicated in the most seamless blend of Spanish and English
They are appropriately left to statute
Allan D. Goodrich an attorney for the group declined to comment on the latest filing
Total Kenyan carnation exports to the U. S. are Lilliputian less than zero point zero five percent of total U. S. flower consumption and the alleged less than fair value margin was only one point five eight percent Susan Liebeler and Vice Chairwoman Anne Brunsdale dissented but were outvoted
Mr. Gabelli said that under the rival plan Goldman would contribute little equity would take a one point five million dollar fee yet would own nearly half the new company
Cubic said the acquisition would provide access to the automatic coin machine segment of the market which we previously haven't addressed
I expect a pullback within the next day or two Mr. Cardillo said
May nineteen eighty two Drysdale Government Securities collapses and the Fed offers to serve as lender of last resort to avert further financial problems
He's willing to see the dollar go wherever it wants to and that probably means down a bit further
To attract foreign funds the Fed has nudged up interest rates in recent weeks despite continued weakness in the domestic economy
Ford said each company will be represented on the board of the new company
And the fabulous chatter continued for almost exactly half the book
In fact in this election where nuclear power was one of the focal issues the Greens increased their voice by sixty percent and now represent nine point four percent of the Hessian vote
As reported Governor Dukakis has said no emergency plan will be safe and has blocked the state from cooperating with the utilities that own Seabrook
The mistakes in the report are not small
As previously reported the federal government said it intended to terminate its Medicare contract with I. M. C. which has seventy nine percent of its one hundred seventy thousand members covered under the federal plan
Warner added that it would thus shrink the size of its board to fourteen members
Thus the Germans fear they are being singled out as the sole battlefield in a limited nuclear war and that they might be asked to accept new U. S. missiles
In addition Citicorp's mergers and acquisitions group suffered a setback last year when Kamal Mustafa one of its two managing directors defected to the PaineWebber Incorporated securities firm
She tells him there isn't any
For one thing prospects frequently are fearful of social and cultural isolation on predominantly white campuses
Up to now no beer company has ever sought to tap the women's market with a campaign aimed solely at women according to advertisers and people who follow the beer industry
It has done so much sterilizing that it ran out of the usual debt instruments in late nineteen eighty five
In contrast BankAmerica still has hardly any reserves against sovereign Third World debt according to its officials
Asher B. Edelman and Dominion Textile Incorporated reduced their stake in Burlington Industries Incorporated to twelve point three percent from thirteen point four percent
One candidate digital audio tape recorders has won much notice
In the end Japan walked a diplomatic tightrope trying to please everybody the U. S. Israel and the Arab world
The French Agency for Energy Management for instance slashed its budget to two hundred twenty million francs thirty six point three million dollars in nineteen eighty seven from four hundred twenty seven million francs in nineteen eighty three
Mr. Newman forty five whose background is in finance operations and planning was formerly president of New York based Calvin Klein Industries Incorporated
If as expected the rule gets extended to bonds issued in other currencies later this year it could bolster liquidity in many less actively traded issues
We aren't keen on having that kind of power held by the government said Oksanna Exell local director of a small business association the Canadian Federation of Independent Business
Coca Cola Consolidated said the divestiture proceeds the recently proposed sale of a twenty percent stake in the company to Coca Cola Company for sixty two point five million dollars and cash flow from operations should help to significantly reduce its debt this year
As previously reported union local presidents voted sixteen to fourteen on May fourteenth to reject a proposed pact citing provisions that would have eliminated five hundred eleven jobs at L. T. V. and combined certain trade and craft positions in an effort to reduce costs
Prices of seasoned corporate and municipal bonds also edged higher
Meanwhile selling by producers particularly the Soviet Union and South Africa has contributed to the price decline some traders said
The charge won't hurt cash flow and might be spread over prior years' retained earnings reducing the impact on equity he adds
After the purchase which is expected to close in August Computer Associates would have about seventy eight point four million shares outstanding
But so far the Jim Walter offering is going ahead with only minor revisions
Without a hint of exertion and the ghastly grimaces of your typical diva her voice floated into the auditorium like a balloon
Earnings also should improve because of the divestiture of Kysor's unprofitable alloy steel operations in Duncan Oklahoma which depressed nineteen eighty seven earnings
Even when the war is won the doctor agonizes as his patients from a liberated Dachau die of disease and malnutrition because Army bureaucrats refuse them military rations
The payroll tax hike represents more than just a further drain on workers to support a retirement system that many of them believe won't deliver its promised benefits
Rhodes's financial results have been soft in the past year with profit dragged down by expansion moves and some marketing missteps
Depending on the company's plan employee participation in case management may be voluntary encouraged by incentives or mandatory
The cost of buying an oil company or reserves right now is inexpensive compared with the cost of drilling and finding oil
For the same year KaiserTech had a net loss of thirty two point seven million dollars on sales of two point two two billion dollars
They did pull a record fifteen point eight billion dollars out of stock bond and income mutual funds in October switching much of it to money market funds
Conversely nineteen eighty seven leaves the top Republican presidential contenders Vice President George Bush and Senator Robert Dole in seemingly splendid shape
The agency said the review will focus on Computervision's potentially improved market position
As a result much of American industry made acquisitions that did not work
But now scientists are telling everybody to wait a second
So far Mr. Kelly's only acquisition Zatarain's a Cajun Creole food maker has carried a somewhat less fearsome price tag thirty five million dollars
He wouldn't elaborate
Latin American debtors certainly can't afford to repay the hundreds of billions of dollars they owe their bankers and the banks can in no way fully write off such a vast sum
Meanwhile Mexico had its own reasons for seeking new debt arrangements
When the suits were filed Shearson said it considered the actions without merit
The swap could save Mexico eighteen billion dollars in interest payments over the next twenty years or about nine hundred million dollars a year
Eastman Kodak Company said regulatory agencies won't block plans to merge its domestic photofinishing operations with those of Fuqua Industries Incorporated
The largest shifts in tax burdens will occur at the income extremes
Lotte K. K. a leading confectionary company in Japan came out in April with a line of new type chocolate that looks suspiciously like the Mars product
A Parker Hannifin spokesman said the two concerns mutually agreed to resume the talks although he said Gull officials made the first phone call
On September first Sandy took over part of the activities of G. M.'s Marketing Education Services department
Ze Brasil can joke a lot and make fun of his own suffering
It's possible that some people who take Pap smears get a little casual about it as the years go by
Mr. Hart whose request for matching funds was denied after he left the race now is eligible to apply on January eleventh for additional federal money
In return Walbro agreed to buy back Walbro shares held by U. I. S. and to continue to supply U. I. S. with fuel pumps for three years
And Guam another alternative to the Philippines is too far away from east Asia and the Persian Gulf region
The U. S. is expecting Korea to deliver some concessions on those issues early next year
Popular music and protest speeches crackle endlessly through a blaring public address system while hawkers sell copies of El Siglo the Communist magazine banned throughout the country
Traders said they weren't surprised that yesterday's correction lashed into small and medium sized O. T. C. stocks almost as hard as it hit the O. T. C. giants
Ms. Leaver's response If I felt Brian could get better coaching elsewhere I would have let him go
The whimsical story in the lower left corner of this page is the orphan
The recent elimination of several anti takeover tax proposals should remove a potential barrier to many mergers
Mr. Martin a former Journal reporter is editorial adviser of America Economia a Latin American economic journal from which this article was adapted
Why the disparity
The materials didn't name any individual investors
Total Japanese steel exports fell in November continuing a decline that began in September nineteen eighty six but shipments to the U. S. rose for the second consecutive month
Every so often a lawyer gets a case that's just out of this world
Their value since has plummeted and several large independent refining operations have become insolvent
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell fifty six point seven oh to one thousand nine hundred forty two point nine seven as volume resumed the holiday pace of last Thursday
He said a rise in unemployment seems likely with some forecasts projecting a six point five percent unemployment rate a year from now
Corporate and municipal bond prices also slumped
This year's world champion pipe band is from Canada while top solo honors routinely go to Canadians and New Zealanders
There is no market to be honest she said
Now Mr. George who took a one hundred five thousand eight hundred six dollar salary last year and who with his wife controls ten point nine percent of Denning's stock predicts sales next year will be high enough to allow the company a profit
However some analysts believe they are seeing the breakup of the postwar world that has been dominated by the two superpowers
But Mr. Silvy the merchant banker says he isn't convinced that the conglomerate is the solution to the problems of the luxury business
Further dilution at depressed prices is not a satisfactory solution
China last posted an annual trade surplus in nineteen eighty three
But he has to
In addition to the cash payment terms call for the assumption of certain liabilities
N. T. and T. shares closed at two point three oh million yen Thursday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
TOKYO The Bank of Japan has told major commercial banks to restrain first quarter lending growth to three percent from a year earlier sources said
Source Gallup poll of one thousand five hundred sixty nine adults nationwide conducted October twenty third to twenty six nineteen eighty seven total is more than one hundred percent because of multiple responses
Further brightening nineteen eighty eight prospects Japanese machine tool suppliers are becoming less aggressive in discounting as the yen rises against the dollar industry executives say
The cash poured out and the bad loans piled up
These later swaps however have been furiously opposed by influential members of Congress and the Interior Department has at least temporarily shelved plans to submit them to Congress for approval
Minnetonka's liquid soap brands include Soft Soap liquid soap Village Bath adult bath products and Sesame Street children's bath products
Delos Smith the board federal budget specialist estimates that the budget deficit which shrank to one hundred forty eight point one billion dollars in the fiscal year ended September thirtieth will balloon to one hundred eighty six billion dollars in the current fiscal year
That bolstered the separate unconsolidated finances of the parent firm
But until recently the mind skills stressed and relied on for executive decision making were those housed in the left side of the brain the linear deductive part
How can I help implement a battle plan that is not set forth
The blue chip stocks that make up the closely watched Dow Jones Industrial Average aren't the only ones that enjoyed a pre Christmas bounce
Traders said the dollar's fall since late last week was prompting Japanese exporters to sell dollars aggressively to hedge the risk of further currency exchange losses on their dollar denominated export earnings
Still Higbee's reported a season sales gain of five percent two percentage points below its pre October nineteenth projection but exceeding the worst case post crash scenario of flat sales said Mr. Lupo
Rates were little changed on short term Treasury bills
Foreign dealers bid for seventy seven point nine billion yen of bonds
Critics questioned the propriety of Stephens entities' owning a major block of stock in a banking company because federal banking laws separate banking and investment banking activities
Estimated volume was eight point five million ounces
Edward F. Dempsey
Our simple goal is to make money on Father Christmas says Bjoernar Oeverland an electronics engineer who thought up the idea
Water is not just water anymore there's a whole range of possibilities says John Doman an executive vice president at T. B. W. A. the ad agency for France's Evian brand of spring water
Raising tax collections and I. R. S. conduct are political issues that have spilled over into the presidential campaign
Friday January first college football bowl games
Stalin enticed the Japanese into attacking the capitalist powers
The Canadian government eased its domestic ownership requirement in the uranium industry allowing for the sale of a small interest in a rich uranium deposit to a South Korean utility
To determine the quality of the match between a plant and an owner or between a man and a woman in marriage the match must actually be experienced
Only about ten percent of the state's six hundred thousand residents are Sioux and South Dakota's political leaders are virtually unanimous in their opposition to the Sioux's demands
The group doesn't even own a piano and the keys often stick on the ones it rents
In national over the counter trading yesterday Software Publishing shares closed at eight dollars and fifty cents up fifty cents
In the twelve months that ended last March thirty first Japan's central government deficit is estimated to have been slightly below four point five percent of the nation's economic output
The hurdles include linguistic barriers a cumbersome distribution system and the sky high price of office space
In contrast to the Rorer and American Home proposals Sanofi would make money available to the Shield trust immediately rather than over a set period of years Robins officials said
Now Mr. Palmer says they've thought through what they must do to be competitive in the world economy and they're buying the equipment to do it
Only a visit to the buildings will do
Ms. Gibbs said the board has given the contract an unofficial unanimous vote and said she is confident it will be ratified in balloting next month
The difference is with the extra sugar imports we'll be actually helping employment in these countries said Richard Smith the Washington representative of the twelve Caribbean recipients
Under a previous agreement with the commission Olin was permitted to complete the acquisition but was required to manage the former F. M. C. business separately until the antitrust issues are resolved finally
Lakeside concedes that the gum works best when accompanied by a behavior modification program and that most doctors prescribe the drug without such a program
In Amsterdam as the firmer dollar and early gains on Wall Street spurred a late recovery
The card makers also are waging an expensive battle for the accounts of specialty card stores and gift shops one of the market's few bright spots
The overall thrust of the investigation the officials said is to determine whether some pipelines and other purchasers illegally colluded in establishing posted prices for purchasing oil and natural gas
So I think it is premature to allow further Japanese entry into the U. S. financial markets
A Disney executive says she expects foreign visitors and locals to keep coming
We think it's going to be a strong economy
Nicaraguan troops patrolled the country's northeastern mining region following two days of fighting in what the Contra rebels called their largest offensive in the six year war against Managua
Israel's economic troubles which are attributable in part to its own forms of socialism provide fertile ground for such trouble
Overheard in the U. S. Senate cafeteria I'd clarify my position but it would only confuse things
His utterances on this question have been characteristically Delphic leaving the impression that he'd just as soon retire to write books but if his country really needed him he might be available
It said the expansion will bring its capacity to three hundred thirty million pounds over the next two years
Can you do all your Christmas shopping without buying anything imported
Doctor Page offers several explanations including a theory that genes on the X. and Y. chromosomes act in concert to form a male an idea that if true will force radical revisions in thinking on sex determination
Consider George Hewitt a retired engineer in Erie Pennsylvania
Yet recent discoveries of unreported U. S. exports to Canada demonstrate that U. S. trade data are inaccurate
Texaco still thinks it owes Pennzoil nothing or if it did interfere with an agreement to buy Getty at most five hundred million dollars
But the SmithKline move and Glaxo's response sharpen the companies' acute rivalry and mark the latest in a series of co marketing and cross licensing agreements in the pharmaceutical industry largely reflecting intensifying competition
Although retailers remain optimistic about their chances of meeting their post crash goals their early discounting this year might make it difficult for them to match last year's big last minute sales surge
As the nineteen eighty eight elections approach though many House Republicans hope that Mr. Reagan will brandish the veto more often
The FCS for instance says that hard times in the nation's agricultural sector led to a number of farm loan defaults and left the system in a bad way financially
In Ohio for instance twenty four percent of workers are in manufacturing down from thirty percent in nineteen eighty one
The company said its November twenty fourth divestiture agreement with the subsidiary called for Ford to repay its portion of the subsidiary's debt or sixty one million dollars
Among smaller issues some of yesterday's big winners were Hytek Microsystems which rose one to three and one quarter Roy F. Weston a technical consulting firm up two and one quarter to fourteen and three quarters and M. I Schottenstein a home builder up one to four and one half
Until the nineteen eighty six law was enacted the department regularly took into account not only the expected effect on wage rates of new arrivals of immigrant farm workers but any past adverse effect on wages from immigrants already in the U. S. reasoning that prevailing wage levels are held down by past immigration
Fierce competition manifesting itself in blizzards of coupons and price wars long has kept any one chain from emerging as the region's undisputed leader
Ian MacDonald vice president at Credit Suisse New York said it's highly likely gold will test the five hundred dollar barrier again soon
The commission said the electric rate increase will boost residential rates an average of eight point five percent and agricultural rates an average of five point nine percent
The aim of the exercise has been to replace the twenty three billion dollars in across the board cuts of the Gramm Rudman budget law with legislated savings of about equal size
Inflation worries have eased the group says helping to moderate housing prices
But the statement left unclear whether the U. S. is now willing to raise interest rates to support the dollar and the senior administration official refused to discuss the matter
Up jumped opportunity when the market crashed
Arland Dunn president and chief executive officer said Traditional is changing its accounting method to reflect actual sales
Union Texas went public in September at fourteen dollars a share and the stock has been languishing since closing yesterday at seven dollars and seventy five cents up twenty five cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Foreign exchange dealers and officials of foreign banks here say they believe the Monetary Authority has intervened several times since the U. S. currency sank below two point oh oh Singapore dollars for the first time last week
I remembered my father telling me never to forget where you come from he says
The convenience store operator now has forty three point one million common shares outstanding
Therefore nobody knows how they operate
Meanwhile responding to last week's oil price plunge Mobil Corporation said it lowered the price it will pay for West Texas Intermediate the U. S. benchmark crude by fifty cents to sixteen dollars and fifty cents a barrel
But the potential is huge
Under the plan subject to approval by Bow Valley's shareholders British Gas would acquire about fifty one percent of the company's stock but only a thirty three percent voting block
Egyptians joke about their plight The Arab world isn't what it was when Egypt led it goes a popular Cairo saying and Egypt isn't what it was either
Characters exclaim things like Everything was possible once
ROBERT WILKIS implicated Randall Cecola in the Dennis B. Levine insider trading ring
The key play was a seventeen yard run by quarterback Jay Schroeder which Miami safety Bud Brown thoughtfully augmented by jumping on Schroeder after he was down and jostling an official thus incurring thirty yards of penalties and an ejection
The computer software in his office in Westwood Massachusetts can't handle more than two digits and it wasn't until he talked with an analyst late in the session that he learned how black the markets had turned
The A. F. L. C. I. O. urges enriched benefits
The conditions offered are quite good Half the profit goes to the Soviets and a mere thirty percent must be reinvested in the Soviet Union
But as long as truckers are at the mercy of shippers employers and ill conceived regulations the driving public will be the loser
Instead for the second straight year congressional leaders have lumped all of the government's appropriations and anything else it likes into a single six hundred billion dollars legislative ultimatum
Amoco Canada President T. Don Stacy said the government ruling was yet another major step toward making the acquisition a reality
Chances are fairly good that Seabrook will operate
While the rising stock market was a boon to executives who held options that had been granted earlier it was detrimental to those receiving more recent higher priced options
CHARLES PILLIOD U. S. ambassador to Mexico and former chairman of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company says some U. S. companies have actually relocated from Asia to the Mexican border
Henley Group Incorporated said it spurned a Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corporation offer to buy its fourteen point seven percent stake in Santa Fe and it hinted at a proxy battle or tender offer for control of the Chicago based railroad holding company
If Bill believes something should be done he'll do it says Norman Brinker a former Pillsbury director who now runs Chili's Incorporated a Dallas based restaurant chain
A Tokyo crash could spur a flow of funds out of U. S. markets as Japanese investors seek to cover their losses
The group said the shares were purchased for investment purposes
But at the same time the rating concern called Texaco's oil exploration substandard and said it will have to assess the company's plans to overcome the problem
The move reflects Mr. Trump's increasing frustration and disenchantment with managing Resorts as a public company
Torotel said sales will be slightly lower than the ten point eight million dollars a year earlier
Although it wouldn't be specific the company said it expects profit to be less than the one point four million dollars or twenty one cents a share it reported in the fiscal second quarter ended September twenty fifth
In February Mr. Amerman who had headed the company's international division was named chairman and chief executive and the executive committee was disbanded
He reported that the spread of Eurodollar bond yields over Treasurys has widened about ten basis points since late last week because of a rally in Treasurys
Hyde Park said it sent a letter to High Voltage's president and chairman indicating its interest in acquiring the company and requesting a meeting to discuss the feasibility of a negotiated transaction
The company said it isn't sure whether it will take the charges this month or next but said it will take them by January thirty first
If one of the nation's most potent lobbies has its way the Rural Electrification Administration will more than survive President Reagan's perennial efforts to abolish it
When he inquired at the Philadelphia Zoo last week about calling birds and geese he was offered several choices
The measure was sent to the House which also is expected to pass the bill
Bonds Shearson Lehman Treasury index one thousand two hundred forty five point seven four off ten point three seven
For instance the memorable Never Get Old opens with a Gaelic recitation of the ninety first Psalm then segues into a gentle Celtic sounding chant before bursting wide open with thundering piano chords and climaxing in ecstatic scat singing
Guarantee agency officials say the reserve provision will hurt an already troubled program and deny educational access to the lower income students who benefit from it
In the remaining three offerings all priced at six dollars a unit the Class A warrants are exercisable at five dollars and the Class B. warrants at six dollars
The danger now is that the U. S. government in the hope of easing the Soviets' exit and hastening the end of the war might try to force a settlement over the heads of the Afghans
Both Managua and Moscow believe that the U. S. is more likely to invade isolated leftist regimes as it did in Guatemala in nineteen fifty four and Grenada in nineteen eighty three than countries perceived as more in the regional mainstream
Add the Salvation Army to the list of those hurt by the stock market crash
He has persuaded the owner of a vacant brownstone on his block to open the building so that he can house and educate up to forty more men twice the number who currently live in the basement at the citadel
In over the counter trading Braniff shares were quoted at four dollar and seventy five cent bid
Rats yawn
I wasn't about to sit by and do nothing
Seven drugs four for AIDS and three for cancer have already been submitted to the program for consideration
N. B. C. continues its winning streak in selecting strong dramatic series Hill Street Blues L. A.
Some large insurers and banks had taken the unusual step of asking Congress and the Securities and Exchange Commission to help them lobby the F. A. S. B. for an exemption from the rule
About twenty five people remaining are oil and foreign exchange dealers and salesmen the rest are operations staff and a handful of Eurobond traders
Meanwhile the well documented decline of big city mayors has weakened old Democratic power bases
Mr. Pih and other business executives believe that President Sarney is rewarding governors and ministers who support his drive for a five year term with pork barrel projects making fiscal discipline impossible
Without seasonal adjustment prices fell zero point two percent from October
But Mr. Reagan lost that bet
Bond brokers have grown in importance because major U. S. government securities dealers frequently prefer not to trade directly with each other
Short sellers make money when stock prices drop
That money he adds will go not just to add new capacity but also for new product technology
Despite the pain from the loss of revenue in the thirteen revenue hungry countries that make up the cartel the current fall back in oil prices may well strengthen OPEC in the long run
The longest mail order guarantee in the one thousand eight hundred eighties was for Riker's American Sachet Powder certain to make handkerchiefs note paper and dresser drawers smell good for five years all thanks to a one ounce packet for twenty five cents
Now Lifeline assembles and tests the devices individually
The bill would extend the existing three percent telephone tax for three years
British retail prices rose zero point five percent in November from October the Department of Employment said
The massive bond rally Friday capped a weeklong surge that was the strongest in more than seven weeks
The I. F. C. approved a fifteen million dollar five year loan to the Turkish borrower Interbank while a large group of commercial banks in the U. S. Canada and Western Europe will provide a syndicated credit facility totaling forty five million dollars
At that level its bid would have valued Storehouse at two hundred twenty pence a share or eight hundred ninety five million pounds
The more you look at it the more angles there are
For another group the Pennzoil Texaco armistice brings nothing but relief
For all his shares he paid an average of about thirty dollars and fifty cents and stands to make a one hundred forty three million dollar paper profit
U. S. officials said there are strong indications that China despite previous U. S. protests recently shipped new Silkworm missiles to Iran
Meanwhile a couple of future oriented indicators tend to back up earlier forecasts that Germany's inflation rate would begin creeping up late in the year and continue a mild rise in nineteen eighty eight
Mr. Rabin cited next year's elections in both Israel and the U. S. as factors that made a conference unlikely
Survivors are rewarded with whatever goodies the government can muster including the prized ability to travel abroad
E. G. Parks vice president chief financial officer and treasurer of Weatherford International Incorporated was named corporate vice president and controller of this oil and gas exploration and production company effective in January
The diversified telecommunications giant said it filed notices with the Toronto and Montreal stock exchanges that would allow it to purchase a maximum of eleven point eight million Northern Telecom shares between December twenty first and June fourteenth
British unit trusts which are similar to U. S. mutual funds had a net outflow of twelve point seven million pounds twenty three point three million dollars in November reflecting a sharp drop in sales after the October stock market crash the Unit Trust Association said
In the March sixth nineteen thirty one issue of The Oil Weekly the costs of a typical well were reported derrick twelve thousand dollars one thousand five hundred barrels of fuel oil to power the drill at seventy five cents a barrel one thousand one hundred twenty five dollars casing six thousand one hundred sixty seven dollars cementing four hundred seventy five dollars
At this crucial moment the whole world is watching not least other developing nations will take into account Korea's experience
In Czechoslovakia more than in any other country of the Soviet sphere the leadership has had a difficult time
If you stand in McDonald's way cooking a better burger they just roll over you like a tank says Ronald N. Paul a Chicago restaurant consultant
The local private sector announced that it was going to protest with massive withdrawals of its money from the nationalized banks
You can only be mean to someone who deserves it
His constitutional law treatise as it is called is nothing but a compendium of his own views of what constitutional law ought to be
To killer toads
If the industry achieves a similar gain that would make a recession seem less likely
Sales were about twenty eight point one million dollars up from twenty four point four million dollars
The gain of eight hundred eighteen thousand seven hundred people is more than double that of any other county in the U. S.
Dee advised shareholders against acting on any offers or announcements and declined to comment further until Barker and Dobson issues a formal offer document
The choice is between losing dollars to sanctions or being burned domestically
The outcome was a plan that nobody holds in high esteem but which Congress is rushing to complete before Christmas as its only face saving alternative
Despite the red ink the company said it hopes for a good Christmas season citing rosy retail sales so far
The federal agency is currently studying several computerized data bases that include severity of illness adjustments those may be used to help assemble mortality figures in future years
They just shoved it to Nevada because Nevada can't fight back declared Nevada Senator Harry Reid a Democrat
The investor group said that if it gains control it would be interested in retaining only the Nevada operations of Showboat
A further fall in the dollar is inflationary but it's not very inflationary he said
The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday that the company has developed a protein agent that appears to block the acquired immune deficiency syndrome virus and prevent it from infecting healthy cells
The mortgage real estate investment trust began operations August twenty sixth when it completed its initial public offering of six point nine million shares
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS Prices of soybean futures soared as traders shook off some of the deflationary sentiment that sank grain prices Tuesday and Wednesday said Richard Loewy a grain and oilseed analyst at Prudential Bache Securities Incorporated New York
R. T. Z. has M. K. board approval for a takeover bid of seven hundred pence a share valuing M. K. at two hundred sixty two point eight million pounds
These proposals could be included in any proxy material that would be distributed to holders if and when they vote on the acceptance of a revamping plan
In the occupied territories Israeli troops enforced a curfew following more than a week of unrest
You can't avoid saying that this war serves the best interests of Israel says Aharon Levran a senior research associate at the Jaffee Center for Strategic Studies at Tel Aviv University
Hercules Incorporated said its Hercules Asia Pacific division will move to Tokyo from Hong Kong
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Corroon and Black closed at twenty nine point three seven five dollars a share up eighty seven point five cents
In other words I was paying out two point five million dollars a year to own the site and getting three million dollars back from Allied for leasing them a small portion of the total space
In another adaptation of a fine work of fiction Brazilian director Hector Babenco Kiss of the Spiderwoman has created a moody elusive infernal Albany N. Y. for his film of William Kennedy's novel Ironweed
But it will add to the already rich legacy of the Karpov Kasparov era of chess which promises to last for at least several more years
Mr. Schulman the analyst said that he expects Digital to announce a method for connecting VAX computers directly to big I. B. M. disk drives where much corporate information is stored
Through the end of November sales of domestic made G. M. cars had fallen twenty two percent below year earlier levels
She wants to be a show dog
He is said to have deeply disapproved of the widespread system of corruption and conspicuous consumption that characterized much of the Brezhnev elite
But this coming at such short notice was a surprise for us said one Porsche official who requested anonymity
And they expanded their buying lists yesterday to include the largest bank holding companies
An official familiar with the Santa Fe bids said Kansas City Southern offered a package of cash and real estate which the company maintains is valued at close to one point eight billion dollars
House members assented to the Senate's plan to authorize the sale of as much as four billion dollars in fifteen year government backed bonds to prop up weak banks in the farmer owned system which has had losses totaling four point eight billion dollars since nineteen eighty five
A certain benefit was promised to the workers not the amount of money earned by wise investment says James Klein manager of pension and health care policy for the U. S. Chamber of Commerce
I view this very constructively said Eugune Nowak of Dean Witter Reynolds Incorporated
Some Western Union issues soared between three and six points
In futures this prompted buying by traders who had sold contracts short as well as bargain hunting by speculators Mr. Sobotka said
If a student refuses an assignment he can't negotiate with another unit for at least three years
Some Japanese also say that their country has been fully occupied absorbing foreign science now that it is technologically caught up they add it is ready to innovate
Dayton Hudson climbed one and three quarters to twenty nine and one half despite a downgrading of its long term debt by Moody's Investors Service Incorporated
The dollar's previous lows were one hundred twenty six point eight oh yen and one point six two two two marks set Tuesday
BRIEFS Last year sixty nine Nevada betting parlors raked in eight hundred ninety seven point nine million dollars of wagers up from only twelve parlors and forty one million dollars in nineteen seventy five says the Nevada Gaming Control Board
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading American Savings closed at fifteen point six two five dollars a share up twelve point five cents
Lawmakers still call the fees honoraria a relic of the days when they were paid mostly by civic groups colleges and churches for formal speeches
The spot price of North Sea Brent a widely traded European crude ended about fifty cents lower at fifteen dollars and fifty cents
But it may be rather impractical to expect they will respond favorably to such a gesture at this time he conceded
Consumer prices in the twenty four nation Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development rose zero point three percent in October from September slower than September's zero point five percent month to month increase the O. E. C. D. said
Greenmail refers to buying back stock from an unwanted suitor at a higher than market price
The study involved eight patients with myelodysplastic syndrome a suppression of the bone marrow that lowers counts of certain blood cells including white cells rendering patients susceptible to infections
Land values which have strengthened in New Hampshire have declined by sixty five percent in Iowa
Dinner Bell Foods Incorporated said its board approved B. J. F. Holding Corporation's leveraged buy out bid to acquire the meatpacking company for twenty six dollars and fifty cents a share or about seventeen point five million dollars
The value Poles placed on education is fading
Glasnost has emerged precisely because of the failure of Stalinist discipline to produce efficient highly productive workers
American Telephone and Telegraph Company said it will redeem at fifty dollars a share the remaining six hundred thousand shares outstanding of its three dollars and seventy four cents preferred stock issued in nineteen seventy three
Advanced Genetic Sciences Incorporated said it completed its second field test of Frostban a bacteria that is genetically altered to prevent the formation of crop damaging ice crystals
Lane Financial Incorporated said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by a unit of Algemene Bank Nederland N. V. a Dutch bank holding company for two hundred million dollars or twenty seven dollars and sixty eight cents a share
Equimark Corporation shareholders will vote on a proposal to reorganize the bank holding company from a Pennsylvania to a Delaware corporation at the March twenty third annual meeting
In nineteen eighty seven instruments are expected to contribute about half of revenue
Premier wouldn't comment on the price it paid for the Tricentrol stake which it purchased since October twenty first in the wake of the world wide stock market crash
However he said the financing was oversubscribed and Monarch expects to make similar sales in the future
Miss Koslow says hers sticks out a like sore thumb among the B. M. W.s in the parking lot of the loft building where she lives in Chicago
The acquisition is subject to approvals by the boards of Newmont and Foote and shareholders of Foote
There doesn't have to be an Eastern for our major investors to make a return on their investment says Mr. Leonard
Because of a revamping in those spending plans after the stock market crash Standard and Poor's Corporation said it is considering upgrading the credit ratings on about one hundred fifty nine million dollars of Federal Paper securities
On other issues Judge Kennedy said he considers the presence of television cameras in the courtroom an outside distraction that might make me and my colleagues behave differently
I feel he will be sentenced to six years says Debra Lynch the New Jersey astrologer best known for predicting the October nineteenth market crash
However he said Charter's independent board members are in a little tougher situation than they were when the group was offering forty dollars a share
But the deals aren't as clearcut as the two point nine percent financing or one thousand dollars cash back offers of last summer
Mr. Gorbachev cannot defy the tides of history no more than legend says King Canute attempted to defy the ocean's tides
According to one forecast rising school enrollments will boost textbook sales from about one point six billion dollars this year to two point six billion dollars in the nineteen nineties
Sequent Computer Systems Incorporated and its European unit have signed a five year agreement under which Apricot Computers P. L. C. will market Sequent's computers in Britain
Fidelity Investments the nation's largest mutual fund operator was forced to unload nearly one billion dollars in equities because of its unusually aggressive investment strategy
Once trading began he recalls We were being hit with large blocks for sale on a consistent basis
Cynical traders weren't likely to be assured by anything the government might say
Above the commotion of a mass demonstration on an icy winter night a small army of welders put in its sixty hour work week on the skeleton of a new building
The group also defaulted on an earlier loan the document said
But Northeast Savings has filed a suit against A. M. A.
Most of that rise reflects twenty one point two five billion dollars in additional funding of foreign offices by U. S. banks
Frederick W. Zuckerman Chrysler's treasurer said he is especially queasy about the bond markets because of the dollar's lengthy slump in the foreign exchange markets
The difficulties began when the Mexican stock market plunged in October triggering a spate of capital flight and a drain on Mexico's currency reserves
Dollar one hundred twenty seven point six seven yen off zero point two six one point six three two eight marks off zero point zero zero two one
The contract called for Mississippi River Transmission Corporation an Arkla unit to assist efforts by United Gas to win Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approval for an eight year extension of the contract which expires next November
The standstill agreement doesn't preclude Industrial Equity from launching a tender offer for all of CalMat's shares as long as CalMat is given notice fifteen days prior to a public announcement of the offer Industrial Equity said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
He's fairly soft spoken but he carries a big strategic stick
The very honest reason for expanding assistance is just to imitate or follow European countries or the U. S. says Mr. Kiuchi
The symbol will change to BNKW next Monday
Perhaps he meant to say traditional or status quo bureaucrats but I'm sure his use of conservative didn't imply support for free market economics as it would in the U. S. Glasnost would work better if we could at least get the descriptive terms straight
The group is urging Echlin's board to study health problems and legal liabilities posed by the company's use of asbestos to suspend further acquisitions of stock of Raytech Corporation whose Raymark Industries Incorporated unit has been named in thousands of asbestos related lawsuits and to repeal a bylaw provision allowing the board to amend the bylaws unilaterally
In the last days of the campaign Kim Dae Jung also has discarded advice by some of his aides that he reach out more to the middle class
A single unattractive platform stood center stage surrounded by acres of drapes that were so weirdly lit you figured a technician had keeled over dead on the computer keyboard
WITHOUT ABANDONING entirely hope of snaring the still unnamed company Philadelphia officials introduced Cushman and Wakefield to the Greater Philadelphia Economic Development Coalition an organization dedicated to attracting industry to the city and its increasingly far flung suburbs
But Chrysler's troubles aren't over
This requires them as the Ninth Amendment exchange shows to further besmirch Judge Bork even as they approve Judge Kennedy
But unless Congress narrows its definition of publicly traded partnerships the measures also could wipe out the small secondary market in ordinary limited partnerships which represents virtually the only way for an investor to bail out of such a partnership before it is liquidated and its assets sold
It appears that initially euphoric consumers discovered they weren't getting even a one star dining experience
Samuel J. LeFrak
Recently he decided that he prefers computers and is trying to start a new company
The figures in both the Commerce and Fed reports are adjusted for seasonal variations
Campesinos can't work their fields because of the war and there isn't enough to eat
Eventually he was arrested
Further surpluses in the months ahead fattened by strong revenue growth should give Mr. Lawson ample room to cut personal taxes in the March nineteen eighty eight budget
Other drugs are in various stages of scientific or regulatory review
The problem though is that you may offer them an attractive price yet be rejected because they're worried it's a one shot deal or that they may disrupt long term relationships with their original suppliers he added noting that low cost South Korean exports are also meeting resistance
On antitrust matters he advocated taking a case by case approach but stressed that he favors strict enforcement of laws covering clearly anti competitive practices such as price fixing
Meeting with a small group of reporters after the conference ended last night Mr. Nazer nevertheless said he considers the agreement a good one
Yet the F. S. L. I. C. fund has been adding to its debt and remains far from solvent
The site has been selected but won't be disclosed for another few weeks the company said
He was found to have attempted to pay for commodities transactions in his own account during nineteen eighty four without sufficient funds in his checking account
But most of the retrenchment was in smaller domestic shares while the big international issues were little changed
Such a move he said would augur well for higher U. S. bond prices because it would provide one way for the Reagan administration to keep money flowing in from abroad without having to raise U. S. interest rates
American Consulting is a New York based concern that Citicorp hired to help it set up its money transfer business Western Union said
During a series of meetings yesterday that lasted more than five hours the general creditors committee approved the three point oh one billion dollar settlement figure that was agreed to last week by the equity committee and Pennzoil
Just as quickly however the rally was quashed by rampant recession fears
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Mattel closed yesterday at seven point eight seven five dollars a share up twenty five cents
The rating concern reduced the utility's ratings on senior debt to single A from double A minus on preferred to single A minus from single A plus and on commercial paper to A one from A one plus
Mr. Scarlata didn't disclose the amount or timing of its debenture purchases
Mr. Sikes wouldn't comment
Pittston said the charges will result in few tax credits this year but will provide them in future years
Roosevelt is also thorough clear and quite simply interesting In mid July one thousand eight hundred twelve U. S. S. Constitution outnumbered and pursued by five British frigates off Egg Harbor N. J. sighted an oncoming American merchantman
Analysts predict that hog prices may bottom out next summer in the mid to high thirty dollar a hundred weight range
One of his most bitter conflicts developed over the handling of the more than twenty seven billion dollars in Philippine debt accrued mostly under Mr. Marcos
Silicon chloride is used most commonly in silicone rubbers and household caulking
The merger is subject to certain conditions including approval by A. B. I. shareholders
Separately Kodak named John J. Phelan Junior chairman and chief executive officer of the New York Stock Exchange as a director increasing board membership to fifteen
Northview Corporation said an independent brokerage firm has determined the company's twenty two dollar a share or sixty million dollars tender offer to its shareholders is fair
Yet despite such prophecies the outlook among fund raisers now is upbeat
It is ironic perhaps that at a time that American management is busy absorbing the secrets of Japanese teamwork and quality control the progressives in Japan are looking enviously at the American entrepreneurial spirit
Gretchen Fusilier a personal injury and former criminal defense lawyer from La Jolla California aims to one day establish an oil brokering practice and once wrote OPEC for some information
At his post summit news conference Mr. Gorbachev said he told President Reagan that the rest of the world was really ridiculing the superpowers' habit of turning every issue into a head on collision
McLeod has total capital of about three hundred million dollars and employs one thousand nine hundred
This becomes his macho gizmo
She spends part of it eating at fancy East Side restaurants and attending perhaps one hundred concerts a year taking her rambunctious seeing eye dog Charlene wherever she goes
Cast members from the Broadway musical Cats were recruited to dance in the aisles while models wearing body suits painted with zebra like stripes posed in the store's windows and struck frozen poses on indoor steps
Several Japanese manufacturers and exporters had petitioned the I. T. C. to exclude the small screen T. V. sets from inclusion under a U. S. anti dumping order issued sixteen years ago
One of the company's banks demanded repayment of four hundred twenty five million dollars in principal due to holders of the utility's seventeen point five percent debentures due two thousand four
That was one point one percentage points above three year Treasury notes
William J. Arndt a livestock analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Incorporated Chicago said he expects the department to report an eight percent to ten percent drop
R. J. R. Nabisco Incorporated Atlanta said it agreed to sell its Dromedary food operations to Burns Philp and Company of Australia for a sum that wasn't disclosed
Floating rate issues in yen and dollars were the only Eurobond offerings to appear during a generally subdued session
Dwight Neuman a grower in Norridgewock Maine expects to sell about one thousand five hundred mail order trees mostly balsam firs at forty dollars each
Genmar already is believed to have bought nearly fifteen million dollars in Outboard stock
In most funds management owns little if any of its stock including the board said Thomas Herzfeld whose Miami based management firm of the same name specializes in closed end funds
Attempting again to sell and lease back its downtown Dallas headquarters facility which drew little interest last year but may now have a buyer
Equities opened slightly higher as Tuesday's broad advances on the New York Stock Exchange helped the Frankfurt market extend its day earlier rally brokers said
David S. Tappan Junior chairman and chief executive officer said the balance sheet adjustment marks the conclusion of our restructuring program and represents a fresh start for Fluor
A state appeals court blocked Sullivan and Cromwell's efforts to get reinstated as counsel in an estate battle from which it was earlier dismissed by the court
O. T. C. shares gained though a power failure disrupted trading
The country then reached agreements to reschedule debt with its creditors
The Fed's method of controlling inflation like an airplane conserving fuel by losing altitude is unsustainable
Indeed it will soon be obsolete
What is the meaning of life
Now that Canada has reached a free trade pact with the U. S. business executives are saying it's time to also lift barriers on trade within Canada
The losses have been caused by disappointing box office returns for the company's movies Cannon previously reported
Speed is pouring into Japan from underground factories in Taiwan Japanese authorities say bringing the potential for an explosion in stimulant abuse
In recent months we have seen all too clearly how disappointments on the deficit front can adversely affect psychology throughout the financial markets
But much of the proceeds from Chile's canceled debt have been invested in financial services businesses
The meeting had been delayed several times while Southland tried to complete financing for the purchase
In addition N. B. C. a unit of General Electric Company with four thousand employees in New York said it agreed in principle to extend its lease with Rockefeller Group Incorporated its landlord through the year two thousand twenty two
Or they might offer a reservation declaring that the treaty would not become effective unless the Soviets corrected alleged violations of past treaties or improved human rights practices
But what we can do is say This might be an appropriate time to invest in something that is going to last
Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
The average Jeep slash Eagle buyer is forty one years old with household income of about sixty thousand dollars
A third testing stage will compare the effectiveness of Onco Scint to other detection methods
King John agreed to limit amercements or fines
Coca Cola Company and PepsiCo Incorporated haven't been accused of any criminal violations
Earlier this year Hewlett Packard Company unveiled a new generation of minicomputers for business and engineering using RISC designs
Mr. White has been on the fast track for a long time
Given the lead time for some of these products and the uncertainty of their success as well as the market capitalization of some of these companies it's clear they're overvalued
There was earlier speculation that the repo rate would be lowered further enhancing the appeal of yields on dollar investments
We don't know exactly how onerous that might be he adds
Standard and Poor's Corporation said it raised the senior debt of this Akron Ohio based company to triple B. minus from double B. plus and its subordinated debt to double B. plus from double B. minus
Several OPEC members supported an effort to maintain the group's eighteen dollar a barrel benchmark for another year
One trader characterized the secondary market session as one of the most boring days in a long while attributing that to the approach of the year end
It said the total liability of all claims aside from punitive damages would be three hundred twenty four million dollars slightly more than the company's net worth of three hundred twenty three point six million dollars as of August thirty first
For fiscal nineteen eighty six the agency reported a three hundred four point six million dollar surplus earned on thirty point one billion dollars in operating revenues three hundred seventeen million dollars on investment and seven hundred sixteen million dollars in government appropriations
Other academics and professional investors have their own favorite rules for deciding when to sell
Iberia based in Madrid ordered the engines to power seventeen McDonnell Douglas Corporation twinjets which will be delivered starting in October nineteen eighty nine
It has been said that the state will turn over pricing decisions on some unique products to the enterprises but still will control the prices of basic goods
The lower fares envisioned in the rules for scheduled airlines will be available only with conditions such as advanced purchases and overnight stays
Basic hostility toward the bourgeois world i. e. the Western democracies will surely survive as the fundamental theme of Soviet foreign policy
The world might be interested to know why a reformer so desperate to heal this bleeding wound still keeps his one hundred fifteen thousand troops there
Naturally the Soviets expect to score early in the game with the signing of the I. N. F. treaty
I had to put up a certain facade to keep things going says Laurie Mallet who with Mr. Smith founded the company twelve years ago and who now heads it
A Day in the Life of the Soviet Union Collins Publishers two hundred forty pages thirty nine dollars and ninety five cents the latest in a series that stretches from Australia and Canada to Hawaii Japan and the U. S. is probably best of breed if only because Soviets are as shy as they are photogenic
Works like Louise Moillon's exquisitely detailed Still Life with Cherries Strawberries and Gooseberries one thousand six hundred thirty and Vinnie Ream Hoxie's statue of Lincoln one thousand eight hundred seventy are in fact quite gender neutral
It's wrong Mr. Niles says of the process
In the end a compromise was reached under which non lawyers would be allowed to sit on the panels but the chairman and majority of the panels would have to be lawyers
People familiar with the government's investigation said that the sentencing is going forward with Mr. Boesky's consent because prosecutors have largely finished debriefing Mr. Boesky and are satisfied that he has lived up to his plea bargain
Lately though green has been losing favor to blue which is thought to show up better on the closed circuit T. V. monitors widely used in teaching hospitals
Usually the Defense Department has tried to absorb spending cuts by stretching out hundreds of weapons projects and by trimming flying hours and steaming times
The retailers indicated a lot of concern but so far they have seen little impact
ENERGY Negative statements from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its leaders sent prices plunging
M. L. X. Corporation said it called off its eight hundred twenty five million dollar pact to acquire Rheem Manufacturing Company because turmoil in the financial markets is making it impossible to finance the acquisition
Henceforth First National in determining the cost of everything from new compressors to new calculators will factor in the amount of electricity each item will consume over its life
American Passage Marketing Corporation said it agreed to be acquired by a management led group for an amount estimated at about eight dollars and seventy five cents a share or thirty three million dollars
They are looking at whether there could be alternative ways of distributing the net proceeds to shareholders
Copper stocks rose on the rising price of the metal
Navistar International Corporation posted net income of fifty four million dollars or eighteen cents a share for the fiscal fourth quarter ended October thirty first in contrast to a fifty million dollar loss in the year earlier quarter
For each cubic foot of less expensive gas a pipeline ships on a direct sale from a producer to a third party another cubic foot of gas would be credited against the more expensive gas that the pipeline is contracted to buy from that producer thus lowering the pipeline's commitment to buy the higher priced gas
Early last month his staff sent him a decision memorandum recommending against supporting a bill in Congress that would create the new department
Southland declined to comment referring all questions to Goldman and Salomon
The mother said the girl encouraged the boys using phrases from the dial a porn message
Mr. Kay said Brooks owes about two hundred seventy five million dollars of unsecured debt to five U. S. banks and it plans to propose restructuring that debt
We'd no longer have any inhibitions
That reduction in turn mainly reflected the rand's rise against the U. S. dollar
Mr. Birdsall is the sixty six year old general manager of Osage Municipal Utilities Incorporated and the town's chief apostle of energy conservation
Terms weren't disclosed
The Senate House conference is likely to meet later this week
Interstate Electronics Corporation a unit of Figgie International Incorporated got a thirty three point five million dollar Navy contract for Trident missile engineering
Among blacks the unemployment rate was twelve point one percent up from twelve percent among Hispanics it was nine point one percent up from eight point three percent and among whites it was five point one percent down from five point two percent
He notes that the O. T. C. market hit bottom on the last day of December in nearly half of the past sixteen years
In the Soviet Union Mr. Gorbachev is confronted by an entrenched nomenklatura whose power privileges and status are threatened by his reform program
Thus far Boston Properties has spent a little over one hundred million dollars on it
Finally Towers intimated none other than former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker was poised to join in
Their managers and engineers abandoned their pre war practice of producing cheap imitations and determinedly set to work to build from the ruins new industries aimed at competing with the rest of the world especially with their conquerors
I haven't changed from the time when I made a speech about an evil empire he said adding that the U. S. still must monitor and protect against the misuse of Soviet military power
Minneapolis based Pillsbury Company remains interested in acquiring at least part of the company according to Wall Street sources
A decade ago they would have been lucky to get a book of matches
Earlier in the year the board had questioned the figures so Marty Shugrue had Arthur Young an accounting firm audit the figures a Shugrue backer says
For instance forty nine analysts polled last month by Blue Chip Economic Indicators a Sedona Arizona newsletter predicted on the average that the inflation adjusted gross national product would rise only one point nine percent during the next year
The Kohlberg Kravis official also said the company has ended its relationship with three investment banking concerns that had been its representatives in the earlier negotiations
The six point one billion dollars was a record for net deposits in October exceeding the previous six billion dollar mark set in October nineteen eighty four
On military spending a Pentagon spokesman said The department is currently assessing the adjustments that need to be made to the nineteen eighty nine budget in light of the new deficit reduction accord and the results of the assessment won't be available for some time
Last week in Geneva Mr. Kampelman said a senior Soviet official suggested that Moscow is prepared to remove one of the main obstacles by agreeing to a sublimit on the number of warheads carried by ballistic missiles
Kidder's new business plan places a lot of weight on directing the firm's eight hundred million dollars in capital away from more routine and less profitable areas of the business into riskier but potentially more lucrative ones
It's an option we'd obviously like to see the U. S. consider says a spokesman for British Airways
Some investors now have begun worrying about stagflation inflation and recession combined
Municipal bonds from high tax states may not appreciate to reflect what analysts say is their full value to investors
Mayor Edward Koch moved fast to head off trouble by imposing a hiring freeze after the crash
An attorney for Joan Rivers said the comedian filed a fifty million dollar civil suit against the publisher of G. Q. magazine for alleged defamation in an article about her and her late husband
The remaining bulls say small stocks are as cheap as they have been since the late nineteen seventies on a relative price earnings basis
Mr. Albertson said he questioned the agency's decision to launch a new review
Mr. Thomson who also wrote screenplays turned out twenty nine of these novels before he died in nineteen seventy seven
Pan Am officials and directors are at loggerheads over a plan to spin off the firm's main airline unit which would then merge with Braniff
Breaking down compartments between various banks has to happen it's only a matter of time says Robert Binney Tokyo based senior vice president with Chase Manhattan Bank
Richmond Hill's charter doesn't allow any person or group to own ten percent or more of the company's common stock before July nineteen eighty nine the company said
Otherwise he fears the department will make a deal under executive authority
Heavy London trading in B. P. after the K. I. O. announcement stirred speculation by analysts that the agency may have further increased its stake and that other investors were buying B. P. shares on the strength of the K. I. O. interest
Here we just play basketball and go home
Budget gobbling projects such as the Orsay Museum the Bastille Opera and renovating the Louvre which alone cost almost one billion dollars put solving the problem of the sad state of France's cathedrals into a back seat for a number of years
I am convinced that Berle had more knowledge and tough mindedness than Hopkins but he was neither close enough nor subservient enough to F. D. R. to stand a chance
It is true as you said that rural lenders are flush with cash
The offer likely will sharply reduce the number of public shareholders and in effect make the company privately owned the suit said
Using similar tests on the boll weevil Mr. Dickens developed compounds that disrupt the cotton eating bug's ability to attract mates
But he said the eastbound trans Atlantic trade remains extremely tough for ocean shipping companies because of overcapacity stiff competition and depressed rates
Sanmark also said that it elected Mr. Pomerantz thirty eight as senior vice president
In October the most recent month for which figures were available Japanese auto exports fell for the ninth consecutive month
Significant operating improvements are unlikely in the near term Moody's said
Since nineteen eighty three Mr. Carey was a partner in charge of municipal finance at Finley Kumble Wagner Heine Underberg Manley Myerson and Casey a law firm that was reorganized last month
The drug didn't seem to affect symptoms of patients already ill with AIDS however
The big conglomerate said growth opportunities for its British and U. S. operations are greater than ever despite the slumping dollar and investment markets
The U. S. sales units of Toyota Motor Corporation and Nissan Motor Company have paid undisclosed amounts of additional income taxes to the Internal Revenue Service resolving a longstanding charge that the auto makers underpaid taxes during the late nineteen seventies and early nineteen eighties
He said M. K. which is fighting a two hundred six point five million pound three hundred seventy five point nine million dollars takeover bid by R. T. Z. Corporation approached Siemens last Friday about the possibility of Siemens's making a friendly offer
If this adjustment occurs mostly through lower U. S. imports induced by lower U. S. growth or increased protectionism then the world will slip into recession or depression if it occurs with higher exports then the world economy as a whole will prosper
Mr. Reed said his four percent stake in First Executive includes both common shares and options
Jim Wright's first year as speaker of the House has been both the best of years and the worst for the audacious Texan
The more distant redeployments would give both sides more warning time in a military crisis
On the American Stock Exchange Atari closed yesterday at five and three quarters down one quarter Hasbro was also down one quarter at eleven and three quarters
Everybody is talking to everybody said a source close to Texaco
The prospect of a further dollar decline is keeping demand low and suggesting a sluggish market until the end of the year they said
The company suspended its dividend Wednesday
This position as did May also fell the limit on Monday and Tuesday
Best Products Company a discount retailer based in Richmond Virginia said sales declined eight point two percent to two hundred twenty six point six million dollars from two hundred forty six point nine million dollars
In the early days of political conventions the Democrats' first presidential nominating convention was in one thousand eight hundred thirty two the Republicans' in one thousand eight hundred fifty six multiballot brokered sessions were the norm
He has put together the most effective political operation and fund raising program that Republicans have seen in California ever says Robert Naylor California's Republican chairman
Several are lawyers
While some current fads might not last they're just about the only game in town for equity investors and traders
Consider for instance the work of Populus Incorporated a consulting concern in Greenwich Connecticut
In Tokyo one hundred thirty three yen will buy less than half a cup of coffee
Ours is earned media
But I knew different
Nor has anyone been caught selling off government oil reserves to a millionaire who picked up the markers of the president's political party as happened in the Teapot Dome scandal of the nineteen twenties
Somewhere in between are the other presidential candidates all trying to handle the prickly problem of Ronald Reagan's legacy
Massachusetts referred its state constitution to the voters for approval after independence. Today voters in every state but Delaware must approve state constitutional amendments
Such foggy rhetoric reflects a thirty year long weakening of the Democratic and Republican parties
The merger will trigger job reductions of at least five thousand to six thousand employees with most of the reductions coming from Hutton sources familiar with the transaction said
For those on the plane Portland Oregon begins to look an awful lot like Portland Maine
Bad economic times are traditionally good political news for Democrats and in a serious downturn they would be favored to capture the White House
Economists say it's too soon to tell from government statistics if the stock market crash led businesses to cut back orders substantially
Details are being withheld until the signing
The U. S. it is true went to war in Indochina in nineteen sixty five and the expanded defense spending helped to drive the economy
Analysts said they believe recent currency fluctuations and the stock market crash probably made the value of each company's planned investment in the joint venture too difficult to determine
We understand what their rationale is he said
Even if unjustified negative attitudes toward agency adoptions probably will carry over to independent adoption if new regulations make the two processes much more similar
Without any prompting Chairman Aoki goes into an evangelical lecture and slide show he has repeated hundreds of times to businessmen
Capital Wire and Cable Corporation said it hired a financial adviser to consider the possible sale of the company after receiving unsolicited inquiries
But the Biogen plan to license hepatitis B. antigens is saying they don't want to disrupt the industry he said
Then in nineteen eighty four Mr. Castro agreed to take back the detained Marielitos in exchange for the U. S. accepting three thousand political prisoners and up to twenty thousand immigrants a year
Asked about the relatively small downward movement of Bancroft's stock price in mid November nineteen eighty six Harry J. Weiss an assistant director of the S. E. C.'s enforcement division said The allegation isn't that it the trading drove it down each day
Tax experts say Florida's unhappy experience with a services tax already has cooled some other states' enthusiasm for a similar levy
Edgar knew that here was someone that most of America would think was cool
The government's official rate is nine hundred seventy lira per dollar
While the crash is likely to damp home buying activity in coming months because investors have less money to spend lower interest rates could offset that somewhat some housing economists said
But now the workers want more generous wages and benefits and better safer working conditions
However First RepublicBank has chosen to go it alone though some analysts believe that it eventually will have to seek an out of state partner because the bank is overly concentrated in the dismal Texas economy
He curiously drops contemporary props a People magazine cover with Walker's photo on it an automobile into his period setting the way music video directors place incongruous bits of imagery together to make a statement
Reservation calls are up seventy percent at Killington Vermont
The latest figure represents an eleven percent gain from the year earlier one hundred twenty two million marks
Skirmishing over procedural matters can churn up huge expenses and result in years of delay
In the credit markets late yesterday the latest ten year notes yielded eight point nine nine percent compared with nine percent Tuesday
The dollar was boosted initially yesterday by a continuation of Tuesday's rally that was spurred by central bank intervention
A group including Dyson Kissner Moran Corporation a New York private investment firm said it raised its stake in Conquest Exploration Company to twenty five point nine percent of the common shares outstanding
The stock gained three and one eighth to sixteen
Stocks also rose in Brussels and Milan but fell in Paris Zurich Amsterdam and Stockholm
Narrow an estate tax loophole created in last year's tax overhaul law
The oil giant which had said it would seek an extension until June thirtieth surprised the bankruptcy court and spectators at a seven hour hearing here by requesting only forty days
Now Mr. Jackson is confronted with a Chicago mayor whose candidacy he didn't support
You just have to wait and see and nobody knows
Thus higher bidding narrows the investor's return while lower bidding widens it
First Financial Management Corporation said it agreed to acquire First Data Management Holding Company for stock valued at thirty two point three million dollars
Early in the session traders marked some issues marginally higher to reflect gains in U. S. Treasurys after the close of European trading Monday
Warsaw shops were swamped yesterday as consumers continued to buy everything in sight for fear of sudden price boosts
Some economists predict that the next crucial psychological level one hundred thirty yen to the dollar isn't far off
On a more substantive level though competition among financial institutions in Japan is heating up as they fight more aggressively for pension money and other client accounts
The police chief tried to convince a horrified public that the big fish had all been caught but the attorney general said he suspected a high level cover up
After receiving this data the F. D. A. approved T. P. A.
Public construction spending rose zero point seven percent in October after rising four point nine percent the month before
In nineteen eighty six the Soviet Union generated a hard currency surplus of nine hundred eighty six million dollars by curtailing grain and machinery imports
Deadheaded regularly or not marigolds petunias and impatiens bloom their heads off from spring to frost
Moreover his ultimate deduction is complicated by the provision of the nineteen eighty six tax act that now limits miscellaneous personal deductions
N. A. E. P.'s expected growth and other tests' expansion comes in the face of mounting challenges to the fairness and validity of standardized tests
The complaint says that the defendants lost about one hundred thousand dollars each and that they should be reimbursed that amount plus five hundred thousand dollars each in damages
American Airlines Chairman Robert L. Crandall is even more blunt I feel like I'm watching firefighters standing around debating the relative merits of various hose nozzles while the house is burning he said in a recent speech
Some traders and high yield bond analysts expressed cautious optimism about the sweetened offering but said it was too early to tell whether it could be completed
As it grapples to cut costs and restructure its floundering vehicle operations the giant auto maker is putting the squeeze on its data processing subsidiary
It's not making anybody happy
Although Pennzoil wouldn't confirm the numbers reported for Texaco's offer a source close to Pennzoil called it disappointingly low
The company also asserted that state officials need to get moving faster on resolving the issue
The discount passengers in the back of the plane are paying as little as one hundred ninety nine dollars each
In a statement the Hunt brothers contended that the filings were made to expedite and clarify the reorganization process and to head off court jurisdictional issues involved in reorganizing William Herbert's trust
Sales of autos big ticket appliances and general merchandise all fared much better than many economists expected
Most of them are obviously tire kickers
Senator Leahy heads the subcommittee that screens judicial nominees
It expects to hold a board meeting soon to consider the proposal but wouldn't elaborate
The Comex the world's most active metals exchange and the clearing association settled the C. F. T. C. complaint without admitting or denying wrongdoing
Shamrock currently owns ten point two percent of the eight point five million Wherehouse shares outstanding
Outlines of the German fiscal package have been previously reported
None of these is astounding he says but adds If you put them all together there's a synergy the savings add up
King World Productions Incorporated reported that fiscal fourth quarter profit rose fifty four percent largely because of the high ratings of three television programs the company syndicates
Students explains program director Deborah Jordan want to have an impact on society
If they could somehow navigate a non humilating withdrawal that would be a big plus for them but leaving a disaster behind would outweigh any diplomatic gains says Mr. Horelick
Contrary to rumor there will be a Super Bowl in late January and it probably will not involve players who have lately been employed as bartenders or repo men
Mr. Bush paid up protesting that the agency had socked it to me
Encor Dome and Amoco Canada are oil and gas producers
TOSHIBA CORPORATION of Japan signed an agreement to supply facsimile equipment to a unit of ALCATEL N. V. for sale under the French company's name
In laying the groundwork for the Copenhagen summit which starts Friday the ministers made some progress in talks on future financing for the cash strapped community
The U. A. W. has already put the company on notice that it will try to organize the plant and last year Toyota became embroiled in a national union protest after its construction manager for the plant Tokyo based Ohbayashi Corporation favored non union contractors
The demonstration of such yearning to defect was a grave embarrassment to Mr. Castro who felt compelled to declare that anyone wishing to leave could do so from the port of Mariel
Under this tax deferral technique such sellers who receive a note as part of a sale can defer their tax payments until they receive payments on the note
The new mortgage called a reduction option loan will be available beginning today through the Shearson Lehman Mortgage Corporation subsidiary of Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated and two hundred other lenders said Graham Williams a senior executive vice president for the Shearson subsidiary
Most small companies can't afford to do manufacturing R. and D.
But they will not lack for nuclear weapons
November delivery soybean contracts finished at five point eight four two five dollars a bushel down nine point seven five cents
They don't seem to feel guilty in the least
A quiet chill went through the over the counter market yesterday as prices made their sharpest slide since the last days of Black October
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Park closed at twelve dollars and twenty five cents a share down twenty five cents
Unfortunately we in the U. S. must wait until after the nineteen eighty eight election to begin the critical task of dealing with the massive deficits that still cloud our long term future
But they're hoping to gain quite a bit of exposure to the international capital market
A decade later Narita International Airport is already overcrowded and being used by the Japanese to rationalize restrictions on U. S. airlines to a whole new generation of U. S. negotiators
None of the new cars truly revolutionizes the market
In the rush to get out trading opened late and sharply lower in some cyclical stocks a reminder that the market hasn't been very liquid since the crash
Mr. Holcombe attributed the earnings improvement to the heavy write offs and restructuring that took place in nineteen eighty six as well as to the shift in operations
At least twelve Pakistanis died during voting for local councillors in the first nationwide elections since President Zia ended eight years of martial law in nineteen eighty five
Big retailers are being watched closely for any indications that the October nineteenth stock market crash is affecting the overall economy
The book's design is stunning and the photographs are as choice as its text
Mr. Pipes is Baird professor of history at Harvard and was director of East European and Soviet Affairs in the National Security Council nineteen eighty one to eighty two
Developers say however that the Pacific Rim poses problems for them
It will affect investors in tax exempt college securities lenders suppliers donors and legislators who vote on education grants
Our orders have remained about level throughout nineteen eighty seven said James Buss general sales manager for Bryant Grinder Corporation the Springfield Vermont unit of Textron Incorporated Quoting activity has increased particularly for Asian companies but we will have to wait and see how many orders we get
Upon making an emergency stop in my nineteen seventy six Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme whatever slack may have been in my belt tightened immediately to the point that for about ten to twenty seconds I couldn't have reached the radio controls if I had wanted to
The three are accused of having sold Fermenta shares late last year knowing that auditors had confidentially informed the board on October twenty second of possible irregularities in the company's books
This strike was a dress rehearsal for further action
In fact though he doesn't exist except in the imagination of the American Soybean Association which is going all out to sour the U. S.'s taste for edible oils from the tropics particularly palm oil
What about somebody who gets wind of the raider's secret plan
Mr. Boesky was close to Guinness which last year invested one hundred million dollars in an investment fund controlled by him
No not as far as the audience was concerned
The West German audio company Grundig A. G. had until late last week also decided to launch its DAT player in the fall but changed its mind to present a common stance with other electronics companies at the Berlin fair
Only in July did a freely elected Congress resume sitting
There we discussed what the global trade scene and the next G. A. T. T. session hold
He and two assistants ride a motorcycle through a slum here in the port city of Gonaives pronounced gonah EVE
Brierley Investments holds interests of less than fifty percent in about ninety companies world wide and about twelve in the U. S. according to Brierley's nineteen eighty six annual report
But American's record was significantly worse before it voluntarily took steps to reduce delays
The pope will address two thousand blacks in this Catholic stronghold of Cajuns Creoles and blacks
When Marion began selling Cardizem in nineteen eighty two one of its chief rivals in that market New York based Pfizer Incorporated had nearly four times as many salesmen
Ms. Paige said she estimates Intel will report earnings of forty six cents a share for the third quarter and expects revenue to rise about ten percent which is very good for the slow summer months
Hawley promised to maintain A. D. T.'s name in its home market and invited its chief executive officer Raymond B. Carey Junior to join Hawley's board
Juanita Mata's Guadalupanita Cafe does a brisk business after Sunday Mass but that won't stop her from closing the restaurant when Pope John Paul the second arrives in town for a special service September thirteenth
I said O. K. I'm going to do what I do best which is work with the small lessee
For the most part church officials are seeking contributions from wealthy individuals foundations and corporations
Like any success it has spawned a host of imitations and variations
Products such as paper and chemicals and commodities sold largely on price are a big factor in the export rebound because a falling dollar quickly translates into a competitive price advantage
ATLANTIS GROUP INCORPORATED said it completed an initial offering of one million two hundred fifty thousand shares of Class A common at nine dollars a share
The change did away with hefty tax breaks for luxury apartment builders in Manhattan
In any case he said he expects to leave his U. S. attorney's post for politics or private practice in three months to a year
It was the first rail strike in Canada since nineteen seventy three
Job security is the union's top priority in these talks
That's progress says Mr. Chema
The fiscal measures include an increase in excise taxes on several petroleum products and a rise until year's end of four percentage points to twenty two percent in the value added tax on durable consumer goods
To hold down battlefield losses and social and economic costs he restrains the use of his forces despite some huge advantages five hundred Iraqi warplanes to Iran's sixty eight and four thousand main battle tanks to Iran's one thousand
They believe his role in the affair remains murky
There could be a surprise Tuesday and the surprise could be positive
But potential development of cheap lightweight plastics that conduct electricity even better than copper promises some of the same advances in electrical products as the new ceramic materials
At M. I. M.'s request I. D. C. said it has agreed to call a special shareholders meeting for no later than October thirtieth unless M. I. M. withdraws its request before that date
A merged S. D. P. Liberal Party is no exception he adds It'll just be a bigger mob milling around in the dead end street
Labor is viewed as an underdog now says Daniel Mitchell a labor professor at the University of California at Los Angeles
Other countries watch nervously and with expectation the unfolding of events in Haiti a strategically located Caribbean island state only fifty miles east of Cuba's Oriente Province
Doctor Chafetz contends that raising excise taxes restricting advertising and adopting other measures to reduce drinking might do more harm than good
The industry has yet to determine where excursion fares are going to go
Some mutual funds use these techniques too but without a lock in guarantee
We should note that we do not believe the president's vision of a leak proof or even nearly leak proof defense will ever be feasible against a determined Soviet adversary
They're desperate
Communists from Bohemia to Siberia close to two million of them come here to play in the hot sun every year
We come together and we want to stay together says a woman from the Caucasus at a hotel back in Golden Sands
The auto maker said that the nineteen eighty eight wagon model is priced at seven thousand six hundred ninety five dollars down from the nineteen eighty seven price of eight thousand eight hundred eight dollars and that the model has standard equipment that was optional on the previous model
The redemption price is one thousand eighty five dollars and ten cents for each one thousand dollar face amount of debentures
Before the neat self sealing hole closes the new D. N. A. flows in says Michael Berns director of the university's Beckman Laser Institute and Medical Clinic
While team roping usually consists of two men male female teams are not infrequent
He is all self conscious manners and graceful gestures
In the year earlier quarter the gambling concern had net income of fourteen point six million dollars or forty eight cents a share
The oil company officials who didn't want to be identified also said North Sea and U. S. crudes which are price setters on the volatile spot market could partially regain that role in the larger market for oil sold under long term contracts at fixed prices generally
Mr. Strobel still faces an internal hearing today at the university where a committee has recommended destroying the trees involved in the experiment
Craig Weichmann who follows Murray Ohio for Morgan Keegan Company in Memphis said he found the move mysterious especially since trading volume in the stock was ninety one thousand shares only about fifty percent above normal
Mrs. Aquino said she would summon the cabinet to a special meeting today and she canceled a planned trip to central Luzon
At least two carriers indicated they will fight the proposal
We're obviously disappointed said one Thiokol executive
New World also leases the facility to other entertainment companies
If employers are relieved that the I. N. S. isn't kicking down their doors with search warrants in hand they still don't see the agency as a fount of wisdom
But he said I'm sure we'll see some intervention at those levels we'll see most members of the G. seven the U. S. Japan West Germany France Britain Canada and Italy come in not just the Bank of Japan at least the West German Bundesbank and the Fed
The offer would apply to both classes of shares and to options
If they get the applications out they can use them to invalidate someone else's patent request
Prior to the change Mr. Trichet was director of Economics Minister Edouard Balladur's cabinet
The start up cost of a desk published journal can be as little as a few thousand dollars compared with yearly outlays of thirty thousand dollars and more for a quarterly published by a large university press
The Defense Department decided to award imminent danger pay to U. S. military personnel serving in the Persian Gulf
Mrs. Miara says that the children are being given a Roman Catholic upbringing and that she and her husband have sacrificed everything for the boys' well being
The agency confirmed Hartford National's senior debt rating of A two
In the fiscal fourth quarter alone G. D. P. expanded one point seven percent from the prior three months and four point nine percent from a year earlier
Mr. Ramaphosa said the union remains willing at any time to resume negotiations and again urged that the dispute be referred to mediation an idea the mineowners rejected when negotiations broke down in mid July
It said that it expects to reach a decision in that rate case by next March and that additional rate decreases could be forthcoming
The two haven't had lawyers representing them since their sentencing for murder until two weeks ago when their cases came to the attention of Robert L. McGlasson a staff lawyer with the Southern Prisoners Defense Committee based in Atlanta
In national over the counter trading yesterday Decor shares closed at four dollars unchanged
Much back to school buying comes in September when kids see what everyone else is wearing says Debra Grafton of K. mart Corporation
In national over the counter trading yesterday Telxon closed at twenty six dollars and seventy five cents a share down sixty two point five cents
But Libertarians doesn't want to go through another nonexistent campaign he says and Doctor Paul's more professional operation appeals
World oil prices in an abrupt turnaround surged as traders scrambled to cover selling positions amid signs the oil cartel will try to end above quota output
Britain will sell off one point seven billion shares of the world's third biggest oil company equivalent to one hundred forty four million American depositary receipts
Yesterday's four point drubbing followed a drop of two and five eighths to one hundred seventy two on Tuesday following a Kidder Peabody and Company analyst's downgrade
It may interest you to know that we have a thriving cultural community in Delaware with an internationally known symphony orchestra a world class museum of decorative art and a fine regional opera company among other equally important attractions
The officials said they expect the sales improvement even though total industry sales in the nineteen eighty eight model year probably will be flat compared with estimated sales of ten point three million cars for nineteen eighty seven
On September fourteenth the sixtieth anniversary of the death of Isadora Duncan Hortense Kooluris and four dancers from the Centenary Dance Company will perform a tribute to the great dancer
One of the museum's most popular tours conducted twice a month beginning at six a. m. is a ninety minute walk through the noisy hectic Fulton Fish Market the biggest fish market in this country
His miners particularly the local West Virginians squabble among themselves and readily believe the outside union organizer is as corrupt as the company
He reiterated some of his standard conservative themes by laying out guideposts that would determine whether the superpowers move into a significantly improved relationship
M. T. M. Entertainment Incorporated which plans an initial public offering of twenty two percent of the company's stock had a fifteen percent decline in net income for the fiscal year ended May thirty first according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
Major differences between the financial conditions of G. M. and Ford may make that more difficult this year
Partly as a result of the comments this week by Mr. Yeutter and others he said market sentiment is not so bearish on the dollar in the short term
If investors calm down he and others predict acquisition minded British companies can resume their march
Volume was five hundred twenty one point two million shares higher than Monday's four hundred fifty four point one million but still relatively light
The state reinterpreted the new law to meet legal objections from affiliated corporate groups with limited direct business ties to the state but apparently it hasn't mollified them
Arnox Corporation said it received a ten dollar a share or thirty three point five million dollars leveraged buy out proposal from a group consisting of senior management and T. X. L. Corporation a San Francisco based financial services concern
In a leveraged buy out a small group of investors acquires a company in a transaction financed largely by borrowing
Officials of the Chamber of Mines which represents the country's six largest mining houses and the N. U. M. met yesterday for the first time since the walkout began August ninth
Persistent long term efforts to overturn the objective laws of economic life and crush the age old natural incentives to work ultimately brought on results directly opposite to those which we had anticipated
To cut expenses the Roses heat their home with scavenged firewood and they eat vegetables grown in their one acre garden
The trade measure's apparent topsy turvy impact is an example of the way the centuries old tactic of levying tariffs can go awry in an age where multinational corporations have factories and suppliers around the world
On Friday the Nikkei rose one hundred sixty two point six one points to twenty five thousand five hundred fifty nine point one eight
Because commission schedules vary widely from firm to firm the real cost savings in using a given discounter aren't always what they seem
The drug an alpha blocker controls hypertension by blocking nerve impulses that would otherwise cause a person's blood vessels to constrict
Stifel's stock closed at fifteen dollars and fifty cents up seventy five cents a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday
Bonds Shearson Lehman Treasury index one thousand two hundred fifty five point four two off two point five oh
In foreign policy America must once again speak to the rest of the world with a single voice
The House Armed Services panel said in a report that the M. X. missile's guidance system has had so many problems that there are serious questions about the weapons that have been deployed
Hyundai Daewoo and Kia have a combined annual auto capacity of one point two million units
An unusually large portion of the British government's holding in BRITISH PETROLEUM COMPANY will be earmarked for foreign investors when the thirty one point seven percent stake is sold in October the financial adviser to the government said
I am surprised she went to Yale at all
If at the same time agriculture continues on its present sluggish course the whole reform program could be jeopardized in quick order
There is a fine line between trade and politics in the Persian Gulf nations
That's a promise
Part of the legal basis for such claims was laid in a nineteen sixty eight case in which a federal circuit appeals court rejected a lawyer's argument that he shouldn't be held liable because he had merely drafted an offering circular relying on information provided by his client
His major political problem is that the state's rapid population growth much of it fueled by immigration from Latin America and Asia is creating demands for government services that austerity policies cannot meet
Engineering Design Group Incorporated received an eleven million dollar Navy contract for emergency generators for a submarine base
B. A. S. F. rose four point four marks to three hundred thirty seven marks one hundred eighty three dollars and ninety five cents
The expulsions came as relations between the two countries have grown increasingly strained by the furor over a Toshiba Corporation unit's illegal sale of milling machines to the Soviet Union
Developing lower funding levels for naval aviation at this time would have exactly that effect
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce said it expects to report a loss for its fiscal third quarter and year because of a significant one time increase in its loan loss reserves for Third World debt
The bonds were trading at less two less one
Still borrowers may have several repayment options to choose from
A Coca Cola spokesman declined to comment on whether the soft drink entertainment and food concern is interested in buying interests in any Viacom operations
The company filed this week for an initial public offering of three million common shares
Western said its president Gary H. Driggs remains a Newell director
Prosperity is blossoming in Beidaihe
And some traders alleged in November that the analyst indirectly helped Ronald Perelman a raider with ties to Drexel to secure top prices for his C. P. C. stake
Over the last year or two I made the determination that the action was going to be in the big capitalization stocks Julian A. Lerner who has managed the portfolio since nineteen sixty eight says
Everyone's so negative you could fit all the bulls in one subway car Mr. Garth said
He had said profit from the Texas hospital sales would be applied to reduce the company's debt to thirty million dollars and he projected a healthy rise in profit for the fiscal year ended April thirtieth
The Dow Jones industrials surged forty point nine seven to a record two thousand seven hundred six point seven nine as other indexes hit highs
But when the doctor candidly listed unnatural death on the death certificate he had to undergo four separate police interrogations and dangled for thirteen months before being told he wouldn't be prosecuted
Gary Hart's former campaign manager told a Wisconsin radio station it is clearly possible and even probable that Senator Hart will re enter the presidential race according to the Associated Press
So far complains State Representative Penny Pullen a conservative Republican Illinois legislator public health officials have placed the right of individual protection above rights of the public to be protected and remain uninfected
Once hostile businessmen can even be seen toasting government officials at luncheons
But he said Hill Samuel isn't soliciting other buyers and that it hasn't received any approaches for a takeover
One worker tinkered with a transformer
Tuesday's big drop on Wall Street and a steep fall on the futures market in late morning also pressured equities they said
It is certainly clear for example that U. S. imports of Japanese autos and electronic goods had reached stunning levels in nineteen seventy nine when the dollar was weak and they are not going to drop off drastically just because the dollar is weak again
MasterCard already has its own A. T. M. network called MasterTeller which has grown slowly handling one point two million transactions last year
But unfortunately Mr. Longman has neoliberal's disease
But in moving its brain trust to New Jersey Singer is seeking cover in a state that has passed one of the nation's toughest anti takeover laws
Second because it is especially offensive to society's sense of justice and order when those who make and enforce the law choose to break it
Stephen Silverstein president of Balcor said the new company will market Balcor to other companies and institutions in Japan
In this regard there is little difference between the Sandinistas and their idol and mentor Fidel Castro
For one thing he chose to call his company Mutual Fund Investors Association and to solicit members rather than subscribers
This legacy has been achieved when the president kept issues in the clear light of his own beliefs
About three hundred workers also struck a repair facility and container operation near Toronto
Last fall federal and state bank regulators looked at Worthen's books and concluded that the company was in unsatisfactory condition
In another development Bear Stearns and Company said it holds a five percent stake in Manpower
Mr. Googel couldn't be reached for comment
Charges were dropped against Glenn C. Loury a Harvard University professor who withdrew from consideration for an administration post after he was charged with assault
Toys R. Us Incorporated Rochelle Park N. J. reported that earnings for its second quarter ended August second rose twenty seven percent reflecting bigger profit margins and more stores
Datacopy Corporation Mountain View California says its one thousand one hundred ninety five dollars MicroFax which can be plugged into a standard phone line sends and receives facsimile messages as easily as a three thousand dollar facsimile machine
It was bad news certainly for the people who got fired
The notes are rated single A two by Moody's and double A minus by S. and P.
The contract's sharp price rise indicated that short traders were taking profits or liquidating positions rather than pay the larger margin analysts said
If it had been a fullblown correction the declines would have been much worse
Yesterday a New York Merc membership sold for a record one hundred eighty thousand dollars up from the previous record of one hundred seventy eight thousand dollars August seventh
Procter and Gamble Company altering its advertising management structure named two executives to succeed the late advertising chief Robert V. Goldstein
Officials said a zero flaps setting might explain why the plane may have had its longer than normal roll down the runway
Bay Mills is a Canadian maker of construction composites and fiber reinforced products
In Punjab eighty percent of the farmlands are irrigated while in neighboring Haryana sixty percent of the farms have irrigation
This is one of those Italian paradoxes that are so difficult to understand
Doctor Magherini says she recently heard of an Italian tourist taken ill in Egypt at the sight of the Pyramids
We didn't want it to leak out
BRIEFS Help Wanted The I. R. S. solicits resumes from employee benefit experts to participate in discussions on plan administration and operation
These complaints are not impressive
We're on the run
Mr. Koerner won't talk about the platinum deals
Henry Anatole Grunwald who is retiring as editor in chief of Time Incorporated's magazine group will be named U. S. Ambassador to Austria Reagan administration officials said
But analysts said Mr. Han's bold gestures of flying from Seoul meeting company and police officials and then braving the hostile crowd at the stadium defused the most violent clash in Korea's latest round of labor unrest
Steven Greenwald chief operating officer said that Mr. Reith's appointment was unrelated to the S. E. C. matter and that the accounting problems were unintentional and came to the attention of the S. E. C. only when De Laurentiis reexamined and restated its figures for the quarters ended May thirty first and August thirty first of nineteen eighty six
Commodore's task to restructure its U. S. operations is formidable
Alberto Culver is asking that the amendments be considered at a special meeting of Lamaur holders to be held within fifty five days as specified under Minnesota law said Norman Solberg AlbertoCulver general counsel
A two record set called Red Wave featuring four Soviet rock groups was pressed in the U. S. from tapes smuggled out of the Soviet Union
If the misinformation had gone undetected he says it would have cost Canisius four hundred thousand dollars in unwarranted grants and loans about five percent of its financial aid budget that year
Good air service is one of the critical factors in economic development says Ed Richard executive assistant to Mayor George Voinovich
Investors have expected Kenner to reject the New World offer and come up with something better
That contract is valued at about three hundred million Norwegian kroner forty four million dollars and carries an option for an additional one hundred sixty missiles valued at about seven hundred million kroner Mr. Width said
Mr. Giuliani's office had lost the last insider trading case it had to prove before a jury against Thomas C. Reed a former presidential adviser in late nineteen eighty five
Stock index futures prices also took a pounding yesterday
Mitsubishi's basic strategy is to make aerospace a major pillar while the power systems division supports the company says Nario Sanada an analyst at Nikko Research Institute
Occidental Petroleum Corporation's three billion dollar acquisition last year of MidCon Corporation a major natural gas pipeline concern continues to present the oil company with unexpected legal problems
The Food and Drug Administration last week approved the vaccine for human testing
Dow Jones industrials two thousand six hundred fifty four point six six off forty five point nine one transportation one thousand seventy five point four seven off fifteen point one five utilities two hundred nine point six four off two point five five
I think they have a view of what the extremities the desired top and bottom of the dollar's trading range are but will intervene to smooth the market Mr. De La Salle said
The market seems right
John Lauber a member of the National Transportation Safety Board said investigators had found nothing remarkable in the weight and balance of the Northwest jet at this point
In an interview Mr. Klesch said he will operate Marshall and William Street Brokers independent of existing Quadrex and its large money broking unit R. P. Martin P. L. C.
It's a very sharp and pressing basic problem he said in an interview in the Kremlin's Saint George Hall
We are not seeing a great deal of interest one trader said
Implicit in Pennzoil's claim for damages is the assumption that the market was undervaluing Getty's reserves that Wall Street is an ass or more politely that the market for Getty's shares was inefficient
The unit will contract with outside suppliers for water and waste water treatment equipment produced at Lancaster
Mr. Bartlett responded that calling Craig a demand sider is silly
The estimated cost seven point six million dollars under a nineteen eighty five bill that found little support
By ten thirty the crew has put up Mozart's Magic Flute in plenty of time for the one p. m. dress rehearsal and is taking the first of two mandated coffee breaks
Perelman A Life Fireside three hundred thirty eight pages eight dollars and ninety five cents just out in paperback
A young Japanese woman played by the lovely Minako Ohashi immigrates to the U. S. after her fiance jilts her
It's time to choose sides
Earlier this year H. B. O. retained Goldman Sachs and Company to find a buyer for the company
Like several other store owners he filed suit in federal court here charging police with harassment and intimidation of shopkeepers and customers
Mr. Lerner's group is prohibited from selling more than four hundred thousand AmeriTrust shares to any third party group or person
As a result Starrett said it will take a noncash special charge against earnings of about ten million dollars taking into account related tax benefits
The shipbuilding and ship repair company also said it rejected as inadequate a previously reported bid by a group including D. O. T. Partnership to acquire Aro Corporation Todd's subsidiary in Bryan Ohio
While the proposal under review encourages large institutions to sell their expensive N. T. T. shares to non professional investors in the secondary market the ministry official didn't specify how this might be accomplished
General Foods' selling general and administrative expenses for the year ended March thirtieth nineteen eighty five the last year for which figures are available were about five times pretax income
Oregon's lottery just two years old has already earned seventy million dollars for state economic development programs ranging from new university buildings to commercial fishing piers
But others have argued that the space agency should follow a more gradual approach to future exploration
Besides his prowess in the jump Lewis has been the world's premier dashman for most of the last eight years
The reports were suddenly retracted yesterday leaving many money managers irate
Gillette's stock prices falls to twenty two dollars and ninety four cents a share company announces plans to buy back up to ten percent of its outstanding shares
The Reagan administration cut its estimate of the fiscal nineteen eighty seven budget deficit to one hundred fifty eight point four billion dollars largely due to higher revenue from the new tax law
Pork belly and hog futures also finished mixed
Mr. Frank formerly the unit's senior vice president sales and marketing has been one of the important figures behind the company's drive into government education business and retail markets
The rate on funds which are reserves that banks lend each other overnight often influences many other borrowing costs including those that bond dealers pay to finance their securities holdings
Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective Geneva
French health officials said radioactive isotopes released into the atmosphere after a Soviet nuclear test August second have been detected in the U. S. and Scandinavia
But the dismal record of the U. S. Postal Service makes it clear that such an entity would deliver few of the promised improvements
Additional strikers were hurt during disturbances Saturday and yesterday
Mr. Proodian is a New York based speech consultant and assistant professor of speech at Brooklyn College
The final answer lies with the heavy hand of law enforcement
Removing depreciation reduces government fixed nonresidential investment at all levels in nineteen eighty five from one hundred fifty one billion dollars to fifty five billion dollars
The administration estimated that plan which doctors vigorously fought would have saved ten million dollars during the next fiscal year
If the program succeeds in Baltimore Oakland California and San Antonio Texas the agency may expand it to other cities
She's a giggling American teen ager with braces bangs and pink high top sneakers writing her Last Poem Before My First Date
He describes an amazing phenomenon namely that over the last two hundred thirty years the decennial rate of inflation reached a peak every third decade
Other analysts' estimates are as low as sixteen point six million bales
Or a time share condominium project gone bust
With a thumbs up gesture President Reagan last May seventh praised Harley Davidson Motor Company for beating back imports
They were as wide as a football field and nearly as long
He links the country's stagnation to its lopsided development
The likely result a decline in America's ability to provide international economic leadership
The suit filed Friday in Southern District Court of New York charges Materials Research with deliberate and willful infringement of Varian's patents related to technology for a process known as sputtering involving application of ultra thin metallic films to semiconductor wafers in the making of electronic devices
The pilot whose small plane flew perilously close to President Reagan's helicopter in California was an A. W. O. L. Army private and has been taken into military custody the Secret Service said
Financial institutions increasingly are charging anywhere from twenty five cents to two dollars for A. T. M. cash withdrawals deposits and transfers
The other demographic component is heightened concern about the well being of all children
Richard Maher the new president of Christian Brothers Winery takes a decidedly long view of the company
In the year earlier quarter IPCO earned five point nine million dollars or one dollar and ten cents a share
Revenue declined two point two percent to thirty five point eight million dollars from thirty six point six million dollars
The insurance banking real estate and equipment leasing holding company didn't give a reason for the lower profit
Alan is first and foremost a numbers cruncher
Other managers have jumped into the market by buying more of what they already owned
Pan Am and American Air will end their joint frequent flier program November first following financial and other disputes over the program
After all he adds We aren't trying to promote promiscuous behavior through advertising
The agreement came despite higher bids for the company by PaineWebber a unit of PaineWebber Group Incorporated Jack Perkowski director of investment banking at PaineWebber said Friday that the New York based firm was examining all of our options
Ultimately the peseta's continuing resilience may prompt the government to join the E. M. S. sooner rather than later analysts say
In nineteen eighty six housing authorities were ordered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to enforce regulations calling for eviction of illegal aliens from public housing on the grounds that they are not eligible for subsidies
We use the experience of the capitalist countries Mr. Zhivkov explained in a speech recently but as philosophers put it in an adequately transformed way
Talk about sesquipedalian
I mean the Three Musketeers were French
Health care now accounts for ten point nine percent of gross national product The proposed legislation would raise it to eleven point four percent of G. N. P. Congress should say what the actual cost of the Kennedy legislation as well as catastrophic care Medicare and other pending health care legislation would be in terms of increased health care prices job losses and other dislocations in the economy
The tobacco companies obviously know what's coming
Chief of Staff Howard Baker is an aide adept at the art of compromise
Quadrex Chairman A. Gary Klesch wasn't available for comment
Meanwhile Mr. King roused some of his slumbering workers opened the company's Arab Alabama plant and rented another plane
Hartz strongly denies Blockade is to blame
Merrill Lynch and Company continuing a reorganization in the wake of its massive mortgage trading loss last April named Daniel T. Napoli to the new post of senior risk manager for global fixed income trading
Quebec's energy minister John Ciaccia said in a statement that the swap of Soquip's Alberta assets for a stake in Sceptre was a way of involving Soquip more closely with the private sector
Chile has reduced its foreign debt by about ten percent in the past twenty months by swapping debt for equity investments
By week's end the judges' top five contenders are these Jack Sprat a multimedia campaign Imagine the world eighty three percent leaner schlami white bread and mayo and a T. V. spot featuring a salami shaped blimp
However because the firms collect such large fees and have a tremendous influence on the casino industry the New Jersey agency decided that licenses were needed
The rest of his relatives have scattered to England the U. S. South Africa and Australia
The department is investigating whether airlines are deliberately setting unrealistic schedules to attract passengers and whether enforcement action should be taken
And the fear of the whites that they will be driven out of the country or worse is the same fear that has haunted whites across the continent
Both women were sixty one when the offer was made
A managing director for the unit hasn't been named the company said
The morning rumor provided the only excitement in an otherwise lackluster day in the market which was marked by traders squaring positions in preparation for today's report on U. S. merchandise trade in June
H. B. O. which will sell the cassette to retailers for about sixty three dollars each wholesale stands to take in revenue of about twenty million dollars he said
Sales advanced thirty one percent to ninety four point two million dollars from seventy one point eight million dollars
The investing group Ivanhoe Partners said it owns six million sixty eight thousand two hundred or nine point one percent of Newmont's shares outstanding and may seek to acquire all the shares obtain control of Newmont or propose restructuring transactions to enhance the value of the shares
Sales were up six point oh percent from July nineteen eighty six
A Shell spokesman said the company doesn't think the sale of its assets represents an antitrust problem but added We are willing to grant an extension of time to see if the F. T. C.'s concerns can be addressed in a manner satisfactory to all parties
Drexel Burnham Lambert agreed to have New Jersey gambling authorities decide whether the investment banking concern is fit to conduct business with Atlantic City casinos
Georgia Power's vice president and controller Mike Harreld said the Moody's review underscores the company's view that recommendations by the public service commission staff concerning the utility's investment in the Vogtle plants are irresponsible and catastrophic
Hawaiian Electric seems intent on exploring all the possibilities however
Load factor or percentage of seats filled for the month was sixty six point four percent up from sixty five point six percent a year earlier
As you can see Prudential Bache flatly denies such a conclusion can be drawn
Still not every educated young man supports Sheik Gumi
Sergiu Comissiona conducts
Mr. Olson is a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research and directs its Project on Civil Justice Reform
While the Middle Eastern nations aren't exactly homogeneous they are like clones compared with Indonesia's diversity some three hundred ethnic and tribal groups speaking one hundred fifty languages and dialects containing not only the Moslems but also seven million Christians three million Hindus Buddhists animists and all sort of combinations of the above
He gets a kick out of having his mistress dress to kill and show up at some big official function
The group owns four point three million Crazy Eddie shares or fourteen percent of the thirty one million common shares outstanding
Sir it began
They took their cue from a Russian language dissident magazine appropriately called Glasnost which Moscow so far has tolerated though just barely
The Computer and Business Equipment Manufacturers Association a Washington based industry group said freeing sixteen bit computers from such controls would give its members an even playing field in competing with foreign suppliers
This form of ownership attempts to erect an effective barrier between the bank and the commercial and industrial activities of the companies to be acquired the Fed said
Made by Fuji Optical Systems Incorporated the twenty two thousand dollars camera lets instructors tape or project live oral surgery or other dental work
Ms. Warwick was a securities counsel for Mobil Corporation for eleven years before entering private practice briefly last year
But he adds a small stock rally in the O. T. C. market isn't a foregone conclusion
I'm not really sure what this means Mr. Ephlin said
I am optimistic that we'll soon witness a first in world history the sight of two countries actually destroying nuclear weapons in their arsenals he said
So far BPT has bid to be included in one venture developing a new town in Yokohama Japan
The guidelines aren't mandatory and banking sources regarded them as flexible enough to permit banks to vary their interpretation of them
With the purchase Marquez will increase his stake in Carrington's stock to about fourteen percent from eight percent
If they don't come around however and retailiatory threats seem real Mr. Cairo has a backup plan
Prudential Insurance Company of America named Richard G. Merrill an executive vice president and a member of its six member executive office
Business Makes electronic and electrical products
That season end figure also is lower than the revised estimate of five point one million bales on hand at the end of the past season she said
Nordstrom Incorporated's strong earnings performance continued in its second quarter ended July thirty first with net income rising nineteen percent on a twenty percent increase in sales
Major oil companies flocked to the latest U. S. auction of offshore oil and gas leases in the Gulf of Mexico buoyed by higher crude prices
The warrants are exercisable at sixty cents a share the company said
Such bickering gave General Dynamics the perfect opening to argue that if the contract was too complicated to figure out how could it be held accountable for any mistakes it might have made
Those managers in turn agree to accept investors with at least one hundred thousand dollars
The rate on thirteen week bills rose to five point nine four percent bid from five point nine three percent while the rate on twenty six week bills fell to six point oh five percent bid from six point one four percent
Over the years Tokyo has tried to keep a lid on trade with South Africa
Closely held American Mortell a specialty chemical maker had sales of forty six million dollars last year
A woman who earns one hundred ten dollars a year in interest on a NOW account and pays eight dollars a month in fees for example may appear to be coming out sixteen dollars ahead
Asea and Brown Boveri's merger plans call for the formation of a new company to be called Asea Brown Boveri which will be the world's biggest heavy electrical engineering group
The F. D. A. physician who did not approve the drug in the U. S. received an award from President Kennedy
Judge Bork's elevation to the Supreme Court may very well tip the balance toward this neutrality of interpretation and there are those who fear that the court no longer able to do what the individual justices may think is good or moral or right will reject activist social economic and criminal justice agendas
Why has the administration produced such a dismal record in development aid and finance
Business can take comfort from legal developments in trendsetting California
The process will ferociously complicate calculations for many taxpayers concedes Peter K. Scott deputy chief counsel of the I. R. S.
The opera founded thirty one years ago by John Crosby is putting on five full scale productions in its outdoor theater
In more than ninety percent of fires reported in a national survey of thirty three thousand randomly selected households the fire was extinguished by a household member an indication the home builders association says that residential sprinklers would only marginally improve fire suppression
Soviet military planners could easily hide S. S. twenty four railcars in these tunnels or in nondescript buildings off railway sidings
Mr. Green added that there is some one hundred thirty billion dollars of liquid assets available for the F. S. L. I. C. and the twelve Federal Home Loan Banks to meet the demands of thrift customers
Generally North Africa's majority Sunni Moslems don't believe in the type of strong organized system of mullahs that exists in Shiite Moslem Iran and favor non violent political action
Mr. Fromstein said Manpower was planning a board meeting Friday to consider the offer
But the company says that in the year after its stock offering Michael Sorell Morgan Stanley's biotechnology analyst didn't produce a single research report for investors
The bugs are very interesting he says but He motions a visitor to a back room in order to show off the store's most valuable pieces a pair of three foot high Ching dynasty vases priced at two hundred fifteen thousand dollars
United Artists Communications Incorporated said its broadcasting unit agreed to acquire the assets of radio stations WOOD A. M. and WOOD F. M. Grand Rapids Michigan from Grace Broadcasting Limited Partnership for about eighteen point six million dollars
Japan's banks and securities companies in May received permission from the Ministry of Finance to invest directly in foreign futures and futures options
That was a turnaround from May when new deposits exceeded withdrawals by one point four billion dollars
The department predicted a nineteen eighty seven soybean crop of two billion bushels down very slightly from last year
In its present form it is still proving hard to form into the wire needed for many applications and it can't handle large electrical currents or magnetic fields
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation is expected to announce today that it managed a gain of one hundred sixty four million dollars during the first six months of nineteen eighty seven despite a record number of bank failures
Michael Metz a market strategist with Oppenheimer said that at times during yesterday's session there seemed to be a panic to get involved in the stock market
BRITAIN AND FRANCE DECIDED to send mine sweepers to the Mideast
A membership on the Commodity Exchange Incorporated yesterday was sold for one hundred twenty five thousand dollars up five thousand dollars from the previous sale August fifth when one hundred twenty thousand dollars was paid
P. S. New Mexico didn't disclose terms of its proposal
The year to date load factor increased to forty three point three percent from forty three point two percent Atlantic Southeast said
But in nearly all cases the relaxation has been sufficient to allow or maybe force is a better word the return of competition
To avoid this we don't have to invade Iran
It is felt that the reporting of threats only creates more problems specifically more threats
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY had second quarter net income of one hundred ninety nine million seven hundred eighty eight thousand dollars up from the year earlier one hundred ninety four million seventy six thousand dollars
You will live to an old age never having known the joy of a hot fudge sundae deep fried Polish sausage or a bar of pure white chocolate
Specifically Ford plans to try to sell its aerodynamic Taurus and Sable models and possibly some Mustangs
He also gets some gentle ribbing about his widely publicized snooze during one session of the hearings
Exxon has thirteen point six years of U. S. reserves more than any U. S. based international oil company said Paul Mlotok analyst for Salomon Brothers Incorporated Internationally Exxon's reserve base of eleven point four billion barrels is surpassed only by that of Royal Dutch slash Shell Group
MultiFinder was a long time in coming and probably should have been here a year ago said Mr. Bajarin of Creative Strategies
The Standard and Poor's five hundred stock index is trading at eighteen times the nineteen eighty seven weighted earnings of eighteen dollars and ten cents estimated for the companies in the index by Goldman Sachs and Company However one of the reasons for the maket's big move this year is that those earnings if they come through will represent a twenty five percent increase over the fourteen dollars and forty eight cents recorded in nineteen eighty six
Power utilities were also higher including Tokyo Electric Power up two hundred thirty yen to six thousand three hundred yen and Tokyo Gas up forty yen to one thousand seventy yen
I think the whole idea of getting counseling for a sport is absurd
Perrin Long an analyst at Lipper Analytical Services Incorporated said it's not common to have an up front payment just to keep fund managers in a mutual fund takeover
MacMillan Bloedel doesn't have any major new projects but is boosting output
Long term he's a good person to back
WOMEN WRESTLE with physical tests for some occupations
Continental Information Systems Corporation a Syracuse N. Y. computer leasing concern said a court settlement will let it proceed with its plan to acquire C. M. I. Holding Company a Bloomfield Hills Michigan computer leasing company for fifty million dollars
Her favorite case involves the six year old son of Martha Bicknell a single mother
It is said to number as many as five thousand which comments one Western envoy is like the F. B. I. at three million strong
The advance broadened a little more yesterday lifting many bank insurance thrift utility and retailing issues as well as blue chips
STOCK INDEXES Futures prices continued to soar attaining highs as falling oil prices deflated traders' expectations of accelerating inflation
So the issue of how much the Japanese will buy at this week's auctions obviously is going to be the big issue said Mr. Chandross of Lloyds Bank
Brazil is expected to start negotiations with its creditor banks next month after preliminary meetings held in New York in July
Zayre recently spun off its T. J. X. Companies specialty unit at a fancy price
Fumes Mr. Werstiuk I wanted a place without garbage and traffic
STOCKS SURGED FURTHER as the Dow Jones industrials swept past two thousand six hundred for the first time closing at two thousand six hundred thirty five point eight four up forty three point eight four points
The central question in the arbitration proceedings formal hearings on which are to begin September eighth is whether Advanced Micro provided Intel with timely and sophisticated chips in adequate return for licensing rights to Intel's hot selling microprocessors
Friction also erupts occasionally on teams between brand managers who are used to calling the shots and manufacturing and research managers who now have a much more equal say
In the meantime participation in the Comex Sydney link through which traders are able to initiate trades on one exchange and close them on the other has all but disappeared
However some in the banking industry chiefly those with interests in clearing houses supported the change
Our bill would help to restore the balance of power between the legislative and executive branches and provide a necessary step toward fiscal responsibility
Mr. Tiruchelvam a former member of the Sri Lankan Parliament is co editor of The Judiciary in Plural Societies Francis Pinter London
The concern originally specialized in low cost package vacations aimed at working class Britons
Doctor Thorpy's sleep lab can help individuals who have extreme difficulty in adjusting to their body clocks though there are limits to what's possible
But when the Eighth Annual National Sacred Harp Singing Convention adjourned for the day the singers went to the local Quality Inn hung out by the pool and sang in their swimsuits
Robert Evans a spokesman for Canada's energy minister said he couldn't predict the government's reaction to Bow Valley's proposed acquisition but he said the proposal doesn't appear to conform to the policy
We've talked about prices from ninety nine dollars to seven hundred twenty five dollars he added
Individual investors such as Mr. Morris blame program trading for some abrupt market moves such as an eighty six point one one point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average last September when many of Mr. Morris's stocks were sold
The would be owners take two sets of classes a short course that covers the basics of owning a business and a longer course that covers product planning finance personnel management marketing and other business subjects in depth
She complains about everything vacation policy someone else's promotion fringe benefits the work assignments that you give others too light or to her too heavy the position of her desk or the location of her office
The government's eight and one half percent notes due nineteen ninety seven rose to ninety eight and twenty six thirty seconds from ninety eight and twenty one thirty seconds as the yield declined to eight point six eight percent from eight point seven percent
Doctor M. Roy Schwarz assistant executive vice president of medical and educational science for the A. M. A. says the association is being urged by insurers to evaluate nontraditional health care
Since you are preparing a speech on the Iranian affair I thought you should have the benefit of my own first hand experiences
Congress is supposed to police itself the theory being that an independent branch of government should keep its own house
The Central American plan received support from President Reagan who said Saturday I welcome this commitment to peace and democracy and I hope it will lead to peace in Central America and democracy in Nicaragua
Mr. Saqr says he was put in Cairo's Abu Zaabal prison and locked up with two others for twelve hours at a stretch in a windowless cell so tiny they had to take turns lying down
A B. M. W. spokesman said its action wasn't triggered by the Big Three which don't really have competitive models but by new Japanese entrants in the luxury car market and declining overall sales in that market
Rockingham Bancorp an Exeter N. H. based bank holding company began trading under the symbol RBNH
Pen bodies will come in fewer colors
But administration and congressional officials agree that significant changes will be difficult with a new fiscal year beginning October first
Torstar said most of the eighty three employees at the plant operated by its Toronto Star Newspapers Limited unit will be transferred to its newspaper printing plant or offered other jobs with the company
Indeed fundamentalists ridicule Al Azhar's sheiks as parrots of the pulpit
Retired Major General John K. Singlaub a Contra fund raiser said he was an unpaid adviser to the company
In the last official audit for the period ended September thirtieth nineteen eighty six the Morning News reported paid circulation of three hundred ninety thousand nine hundred eighty seven and the Times Herald reported two hundred forty six thousand three hundred seventy
As previously reported the Food and Drug Administration in May declined to license Genentech's T. P. A. for domestic sale until additional studies are completed
But he says many other funds are in the game to make fees for themselves
The changes in procedures may not be enough to head off new legislation
His Rayan Group is one of the richest and fastest growing private companies in Egypt
The load factor increased to forty six point eight percent from forty point six percent
For others though heart surgery is an awesome encounter with mortality
They count over eight hundred fish altogether two thirds of them alewives and record the results on a clipboard
The West German government appears to be closing ranks in its opposition to more stimulative economic measures and may even be having second thoughts about the broad tax cuts it already has promised to enact
The U. S. State Department's statement that Saudi Arabia acted responsibly to restore law and order in Mecca has been held up by Iran as a proof of U. S. Saudi complicity
The hemorrhage of sensitive materials the cascading revelations of secret talks the detailed reporting of private conversations all have an arctic effect on other governments which take meticulous care of their own secrets
It was only a matter of time before the big decadent forces will give way to the small new born forces Mao wrote in nineteen fifty six
They have started to take effect in the ministries and other central economic bodies
The quota massacre as some are calling it began as an administrative foul up but quickly ballooned into a trade conflict with China
If the I. M. F. board approves the program at its meeting today the fund will help the Sudan negotiate new credits with official and commercial lenders banking sources said
Directors have authorized a buyback of as many as ten million shares I. T. T. currently has one hundred forty one point six million shares outstanding
Nonetheless Mr. Eckenfelder recently upgraded his Franklin recommendation to a buy largely on its earnings in the quarter ended June thirtieth and on prospects for the industry
Similarly Frank Lorenzo president of Houston based Texas Air Corporation which owns Continental and Eastern airlines says he has no plans for instituting a smoking ban of any kind
And each will force the N. R. C. to shut down that reactor for a year or more with serious adverse credit implications for the affected utility
The deficit slashed the seven hundred sixty two million pound surplus accumulated over the previous four months
American said it is studying stretch versions of the aircraft which would carry fifteen to twenty five more passengers than the one hundred fifty passenger Boeing seven twenty seven because it believes airtraffic constraints may eventually force the industry to fly fewer planes
Under Chapter eleven a company continues to operate but is protected from creditors while it works out a plan to pay debt
Frankly we had a less than successful year last year Mr. Sterling said of the company's one point one million dollar net loss on revenue of seventy eight point three million dollars for the year ended January thirty first compared with year earlier profit of two million dollars or sixty eight cents a share on revenue of forty one point seven million dollars
But traders interpreted yesterday's rate increase as a government inspired move to control inflation and inflationary fears have put sterling under pressure in recent weeks
As previously reported Orion's Security Insurance Company of Hartford unit opposed the buy out offer as inadequate and has steadily increased its stake since the group made its bid last month
Since AIDS patients are prone to various infections they need treatment from a wide variety of specialists available in a general hospital
The sale of a minority stake in DuBois would follow similar moves with other Chemed units Roto Rooter Incorporated and National Sanitary Supply Company
He didn't discuss the programs he had hoped to implement
The balance will be paid upon the completion of an agreement to supply intravenous sets to Kendall McGaw and the resolution of a patent infringement lawsuit filed against Quest last year by Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company related to Quest's I. V. pumps
He reasons that G. M.'s second quarter earnings of two dollars and eighty cents a share while still below par were far higher than all analysts expected
McGraw Hill fell five eighths to seventy four and three eighths and Macmillan lost one to seventy
The Soviet Union invited Western arms negotiators to visit its largest chemical weapons facility saying it wants to speed up talks on banning such weapons
NATIONAL WESTMINSTER BANK P. L. C.'S proposed acquisition of First Jersey National Corporation follows other smaller acquisitions of U. S. banks by U. K. banks
With the corporate tax rate dropping to thirty four percent on July first says Lacy H. Hunt the chief economist at Carroll McEntee and McGinley corporate profits will bulge dramatically in the second half of this year
Mr. Volten raised a storm of protest from politicians and navy men when he suggested his country could live without its twenty two frigate navy
The company also set a new quarterly payout of five cents a post split share
He succeeds Donald K. Frick who is retiring
They made some very good suggestions recalls one of Taft's outside directors
The city paid Perini North River four point five million dollars in October nineteen seventy nine
They bicker then reconcile bicker then reconcile
Mr. Cohen is professor of populations at Rockefeller University
The brass section is more integrated into the tonal fabric and singers don't have to force their voices past a wall of sound between them and the audience
Mr. Channell's unusual guilty plea means that doubts about his possible other criminal activity may never totally disappear
Once limited to basic how to tapes videos are now being aimed at everyone from top corporate executives to technical engineers
There is no will to fight
We don't receive things and look at them with suspicion we look with optimism says John Thornton associate publisher at Facts on File
PaineWebber Group Incorporated Bankers Trust Company and Peat Marwick are among the firms that have found that it is cheaper to locate back office and computer operations on the other side of the river
Mr. Philport couldn't be reached for comment
Closely held Gates has sought to sell its stake in the Tucson Arizona based aircraft maker for more than a year but three previous proposals have fallen through
But the environmental movement which retains strong political clout is fighting fang and claw to keep Big Oil out
This increase in turn will automatically show up in substantially higher productivity gains for the same period particularly since the Labor Department has recently revised total payroll employment downward by about zero point seven percent suggesting that nineteen eighty four to eighty six productivity gains will be increased by as much as one percentage point per year or more
The beauty industry has been consolidating rapidly in recent years as drug companies have rushed to shed their cosmetics and fragrance businesses
Asked to comment on an advance text of Mr. Bieber's speech Ford Executive Vice President Allan Gilmour who also addressed the conference said that changes in work rules provide needed flexibility
Avalon Corporation said a unit purchased oil and natural gas producing properties from closely held JN Oil and Gas Incorporated Billings Montana
N. E. C. strongly denied the report
Hanson advised in its bid by Rothschild Incorporated eventually may sell several other Kidde consumer product lines analysts speculated such as gym equipment and Jacuzzi whirlpool baths
Also helping to firm prices early on was the Common Market's weekly offer to sell processed beet sugar
More than one hundred ninety two point seven million shares changed hands on the Big Board compared with one hundred sixty six point five million shares Tuesday
In addition to the cease fire the plan calls for an end to Cuban and Soviet military aid to Nicaragua at the same time the U. S. ends military aid for the Contras
Can one expect the president or the public to have confidence in a department that bears heavy responsibility for permitting our new embassy in Moscow to be bugged or for supporting proposals to permit the Soviets to open a consulate in New York when we have ample evidence that the Soviets use their diplomatic missions for spying
Says Thomas Cosgrove an A. T. and T. district manager From our perspective this has been a winner for everyone
The agreement enables the aerospace concern to sign definitive contracts with eight commercial customers that have launch reservations to send satellites into orbit on Titan rockets Martin Marietta said
NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION the world's largest steelmaker will assign one thousand five hundred blast furnace workers to other operations by March nineteen ninety one as part of a restructuring plan a spokesman said
Lack of interest during the summer holiday months also took its toll as marketmakers knocked prices progressively lower to attract buyers
On the other side of the ledger his view was flawed in nineteen eighty four and nineteen eighty six when the danger of recession loomed larger than the peril of reinflation
These are not necessarily rational choices but they are not the programmed responses of computers either
Bruford was excited by the capabilities of the new Simmons drums When the player strikes one of twelve hexagonally shaped pads he can trigger any sound stored on programmable memory chips in the instrument's brain hand or foot switches control which effect is called up
The bankruptcy court will be eager to unload the land at bargain basement prices and the city will lean on the industrial firms who dumped at the site to pay for the cleanup
When it is gone I will probably go on welfare he says
Last year the industry paid out about two hundred million dollars in AIDS claims about one percent of the nineteen point six billion dollars paid in total claims in nineteen eighty six
Gary L. Countryman president and chief executive officer of Liberty Mutual Insurance Company was named a director of this maker of stationery and computer supplies increasing board membership to fourteen
Industry officials generally praised I. B. M.'s new computer and were relieved the company doesn't appear on the surface to be about to repeat its P. C. Junior debacle
The F. T. C. alleged that Philips a New York based unit of N. V. Philips of the Netherlands made false and unsubstantiated advertising claims for its Norelco Clean Water Machine which is designed to remove contaminants from tap water by forcing it through a charcoal filter
The tape from the air traffic control tower I heard told the Continental pilot to take two right turns and he didn't the Continental spokesman says adding that the situation wasn't life threatening
He started looking for investors even making a list of thirty names under the heading Rich People
Blue Arrow's chairman and chief executive Antony Berry said Manpower's antitakeover provisions wouldn't prove onerous to Blue Arrow
Domestic manufacturers sold eight point two million cars last year but most industry analysts predict sales this year will run between seven million and seven point two million
Meanwhile the airline has been involved recently in a series of minor mishaps
Mr. Robertson says he promised the Raiders' boss then that a renovation of the stadium would proceed when the legal battle over the team's move ended and the Raiders began to build at the team's expense the luxury boxes
One local mortgage banker says the developer gave away the store to get those tenants
Merrill's greatest risk in Supermarkets is the three hundred seventy five million dollars the firm put up in June as a short term bridge loan
One of the biggest is how productivity improvements will be reflected in prices in the future said Larry Garfinkel vice president marketing services for A. T. and T.
There was also some profittaking in energy related issues and gold and natural resource stocks
We went into this business with the purpose of copying Lego and making a sound profit says Richard Grey Tyco's president and chief executive officer
Phelps Dodge said it can recover seventy five percent to eighty five percent of the gold particles
Allied Signal said it expects a gain on the sale of Union Texas stock of one hundred seventy million dollars or one dollar a share
Chase Manhattan Corporation New York said it agreed to buy the home mortgage servicing operation of Lyons Federal Trust and Savings Bank Hinsdale Illinois
In the municipal arena prices slumped reflecting the continued weakness in the Treasury bond sector
Separately congressional tax writing committees are considering a technical correction to the nineteen eighty six tax bill
In addition to the cities in the East the fares will apply to Kansas City Missouri and Omaha Nebraska
There you have eighty applicants for every job foreigners come from all over
They traded jokes freely at a banquet held in Mr. Volcker's honor last week and the new chairman is clearly anxious to learn from the old
Swedish authorities also are trying to determine whether the Polish brothers evaded customs duties
Parker Hannifin Corporation said it acquired family owned Industrial Brasileira de Filtros Irlemp S. A. of Sao Paulo Brazil for cash
Of that amount one third was mandated by federal statute one hundred fifty million dollars goes to Howard University thus in real dollar terms only four hundred fourteen million dollars was available for all black colleges and universities hardly a reflection of extraordinary federal support
Du Pont's existing jointly owned magnetic tape company with Philips will be incorporated into the new venture
Berlin West
With one hundred twenty bookings next season a forthcoming appearance on P. B. S.'s Sesame Street a tour of Japan and Australia and subscription series in seven major cities the Kronos is one of today's most sought after ensembles
Now after saving Our World Ms. Swanson dreams of other victories I'd like the day to come that when I hear rumblings of a show being canceled I could just call A. B. C. Entertainment President Brandon Stoddard and say Now now Brandon
Publicly Sandinista leaders blame the Contras and the U. S. trade embargo for their economic woes which include an unpayable foreign debt to the East and West of about ten billion dollars an import to export ratio of nearly four to one plummeting agricultural and industrial productivity and a nearly valueless currency
Stewart Warner has about six point five million common shares outstanding
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen urged the president last November to make the talks a top priority
People in Beijing talk of a book titled The Ugly Chinese and published in Taiwan
He didn't give specific reasons for his resignation
Comparable models from Compaq and I. B. M. built around the eighty three eighty six chip carry list prices of six thousand four hundred ninety nine dollars and six thousand nine hundred ninety nine dollars respectively
Under the legislation the F. S. L. I. C. which ended nineteen eighty six with a six point three billion dollar deficit would be limited to raising no more than three point seven five billion dollars a year
We had branches to collect deposits but we weren't using them as sales outlets says the bank's Mr. MacKenzie
What can't be bought in Japan we will buy from West Germany England Italy or the U. S. he says adding in regard to one of the deals canceled by Matsushita We bought it from France already
More recently he had moved over to Time's corporate planning operations
This thing is for real said Kenneth S. Miller an oil field services analyst for Shearson Lehman Brothers
REPUBLICANS as it happens would suffer the most political damage from an adjusted census
Computer Memories said it expects the transaction to close in late September
Edward P. Evans Macmillan's chairman and chief executive officer called the move a sound and reasonable means of safeguarding the interest of shareholders
Occidental Petroleum Corporation said about five million two hundred eighty thousand convertible exchangeable preferred shares were tendered under its offer to swap one point five common shares for each of the five million nine hundred ninety nine thousand eight hundred preferred shares outstanding
But the sources say Sir James has a group of American friends who would be prepared to support him if he chooses to invest
Even if the institute of aging replicates Doctor Summers's findings he isn't taking part in the institute's study T. H. A. has limitations
He succeeds C. Edgar Schabacker Junior who retired in April
Tekelec designs manufactures and markets test equipment for digital telecommunications devices and networks
At the Chicago Board of Trade Treasury bond futures for September delivery tumbled one and ten thirty seconds to eighty eight and six thirty seconds
The main support for my service comes from portfolio managers on the firing line Mr. O'glove says
Gold jumped thirteen dollars an ounce to four hundred seventy seven dollars and ten cents on the Commodity Exchange in New York
Caremark said it expects the acquisition to close today
The insider said Giant Yellowknife is also interested in Dome Mines' twenty one point four percent stake in Toronto based Falconbridge Limited which has zinc copper and gold mines in the area
The image that human rights advocates want to project of the groups is one of rogue killers but the most successful have been those whose membership is composed overwhelmingly of civilian volunteers and that emphasize peacekeeping intelligence gathering and noncooperation with N. P. A. demands rather than armed confrontation with the rebels
East West isn't profitable analysts said
Meanwhile the three companies listed on Sesdaq are far fewer than the ten to twenty recommended late last year by a study group
Mr. Donovan's firm was trying to meet minority hiring goals not steal money
But industry analysts estimate the volume has nearly doubled to two billion pounds since Big Bang
Obviously it can't be a direct competitor
Bill Keene a traffic reporter for KNX A. M. radio in Los Angeles says he has heard of drivers using keys tire tools and pens to scratch cars and puncture the tires of other vehicles in altercations
In fact the appellate court said Mr. Beeney tried to use the files as a bargaining chip to get Mrs. Beiny to open the books on her other trusts. Sullivan and Cromwell says Mr. Beeney erred in failing to send a copy of the subpoena to the other side
Public policy and constitutional issues are intertwined the aide said
About ninety percent of chemicals extracted for recycling are discarded or sold according to David Case general counsel for the Hazardous Waste Treatment Council a trade group that defended the E. P. A. regulations in court
And he says the panels haven't shied away from scrutinizing Israel's role adding The record will indicate that we have not been soft on Israel
Flow of U. S. Net Saving and Investment nineteen eighty one and nineteen eighty six
Only Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger who will conclude his testimony this morning has used the word angry
The president also could request from Congress protection from cuts for high priority military programs
Mrs. Small transfers the paper pattern to a piece of muslin which will allow the first chance to view the design in three dimensions
They stay close to their customers and that makes them one of the tougher banks to get customers away from
Ten new issues began trading recently over the counter
It expects to report that net income jumped to more than thirty seven point five million dollars or more than fifty cents a share on revenue of about eight hundred forty million dollars
Liberal or moderate Judges Harry Edwards Patricia Wald Abner Mikva and Ruth Ginsburg all appointed by President Carter together with Spottswood Robinson appointed by President Johnson said the initial decisions to rehear the cases were ill conceived based on self serving and result oriented criteria
The factory is run by engineers who think in terms of producing rather than in terms of sales and profit
Mr. McBirney's thrift paid Mr. Bowman in cash and a five year note Mr. Bowman says
Michael German vice president for planning and analysis for the American Gas Association says spot gas prices are more likely to rise by year's end to about two dollars a thousand cubic feet from their current one dollar and forty cent level
The F. D. I. C. generally limits its assistance to helping the buyer of a failed bank but it will approve a transaction involving a bank that hasn't closed if officials believe doing so would be less expensive
Peruvian President Alan Garcia said local branches of foreign banks aren't included in his plan to nationalize banks in the country
Rogers also said it is considering making an offer to buy from non Canadian holders as many as eight million of its Class B. nonvoting shares for no more than twenty four point oh eight Canadian dollars eighteen dollars and seven cents each
Some Wall Street professionals said they were eager to lighten their inventory before the weekend
Spice plans to propose to buy the remaining shares for twenty two dollars each in cash or fifteen point eight million dollars
At the same time the report showed that prices paid by farmers for commodities and services and interest rose in the second quarter to a level one point two percent above that of the first quarter narrowing slightly the improved profit margins that farmers have been enjoying
The hearings leave a record of conflict in the administration
Beginning next January New Jersey law permits New York banks to acquire banks in the state
In homemaker services the cost is about twelve dollars a day
Output will start in nineteen ninety one with one third of the cars distributed by Fiat in Western Europe and the rest aimed at the Eastern European market
Mr. Mason was allowed to finish his murals which illustrate an Indian quotation about the wonders of Nature
A couple of other positions weren't exactly expertly manned
Memories of the Kwangju bloodshed are a major source of the government's unpopularity throughout the country
The cable television operator said the ten year notes bear interest at a rate of ten point two five percent
But the government has rarely taken such a step
They realize that the computer market goes in two directions it wants more power and lower prices and Tandy is reaching further in both directions
Aleksandr N. Yakovlev second only to Mr. Gorbachev in the Politburo sent Mr. Grigoryants' request to a deputy in the agitation and propaganda sector who in turn passed it on to a press control official
Mr. DeWitt of G. M. says the machine has great possibilities if it's used to make sure all the pieces of a car fit together
Thomas S. Gayner an analyst with Davenport and Company in Richmond Virginia called the acquisition a logical progression for James River
The thread is monotonously the same Money and material goods are the idols of a godless society people forced from the land flock to the cities only to be exploited by industry whose sole interest is profit
At half time of the first of Pittsburgh's six regular season games an exhausted Creig Federico wide receiver on offense and safety on defense collapsed in a locker room corner
The Chicago based parent company of First National Bank of Chicago rejected a similar move about a year ago as too Draconian banking officials said
Again no one at Pittsburgh National questioned the arrangement Mr. Gregg says
After the fraud was exposed the railroad administration received what one of its officials calls a considerable amount of credit inside government for breaking the case
The Comex offers several metals contracts while the Merc primarily trades energy futures and options
Still the final cost adjustment if upheld through the rest for the budget process could account for significant changes in amounts received by hospitals in different states
But Mr. Connolly believes that investors will eventually see the wide disparity between bond and stock yields and opt for a higher return from bonds
The bargaining which resumed last week is being conducted with the help of a federal mediator
Overnight she went from being involved in the production of one or two movies a year to responsibility for the development and production of fourteen to eighteen movies annually
The Menlo Park California maker of industrial electrical parts said net income in the quarter ended June thirtieth was twenty seven point four million dollars or two dollars and forty nine cents a share more than double the year earlier ten point seven million dollars or one dollar and one cent a share
Included in the latest period were charges for consolidating certain North American appliance manufacturing operations and expenses from a failed merger plan with First Boston Incorporated
Mr. Preschel fifty three years old and a thirty year Thompson veteran is expected to bring some stability back to Thompson's overseas operations
Some attributed this partly to speculation that Congress soon will enact a new and improved version of the Gramm Rudman budget cutting law
Legislation was introduced to expand federal resources for voluntary AIDS testing and protections against bias
We're seeing a level of physical demand we haven't seen in a long time said William O'Neill research director at Elders Futures Incorporated in New York
Hong Kong stocks surged to a record close on record volume
Democrats insist the final bill will carry their stamp
The number of trade officials conducting full time inspections of Cocom related exports which number more than four thousand annually is currently ten and will be increased to fifteen
Mr. Zachowski who is not a PRSA member is quoted as saying that if Colonel North is lying he's lying very well which would make him a highly excellent P. R. guy
Dealers said the shares had been oversold in recent session
They also say the country might go on an import buying spree and deplete its hard currency reserves
Both enemies and supporters are equally astonished that he was able to expand his operations on a shoestring structuring innovative drilling deals in which contractors agreed to work for a percentage of their findings rather than for a fee
Drama development architecture are invariably sacrificed to mere accretion a wearisome push for substance and force
An ambulance is ready to roll a reminder that this isn't a sport for the timid
Because when Mr. Buckley is riled he is a Big Top marvel wit like a lion tamer's lash tongue like the lion erudition and indignation flying on the trapeze without a net
An extreme condition of another kind emerged in March nineteen eighty three when Iraq declared Iranian air space a war zone and thus forced all non Iranian airlines to cancel their services to Iran
A recent survey of one thousand middle aged men revealed that forty three percent believe it's O. K. to color gray hair but the majority disapprove or at least have some reservations
The respected California Poll reported in May that sixty one percent of Californians support abortion on demand within the first trimester a figure that has remained consistent since nineteen eighty
Last year Carol Duhart went broke bargain shopping at Finale on Five
Kennedy Hawkins proposes raising the minimum wage to four dollars and sixty five cents by nineteen ninety from today's three dollars and thirty five cents and more damaging tying the minimum wage in future to the average wage for all non supervisory private employees
The fall of the L. P. draws parallels with the demise of seventy eight rpm records in the nineteen fifties with the classical market leading the way
International operations where Emery pioneered and has faced less competition held up better in the same three year period international operating profit dropped from twenty five million dollars to eighteen million dollars
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission charged a clearing firm at the New York Mercantile Exchange and a former vice president of the firm with misappropriating more than one point eight million dollars of customer funds
No blacks are U. S. senators and blacks remain under represented in black districts especially in the South
Between nineteen eighty one and nineteen eighty four there were a total of only fifteen federal indictments for obscenity
The Franco U. S. collaboration follows announcements of earlier AIDS vaccine pacts between Merck and Company and Repligen Corporation and between Chiron Incorporated and Ciba Geigy Corporation
He's a good people person said Larry W. Dobrinsky vice president and treasurer of Farm Fresh
The company said the loss reflects costs associated with the closing of one of its operations in an Alabama department store sluggish sales in Atlanta disappointing sales and operating results from its New York City operations and a reserve for the cancellation of certain surplus leases
Ben and Jerry's Homemade Incorporated playfully dubbed a new ice cream flavor Cherries Garcia this year but didn't expect it to be a lasting item on its menu
Chambers said it also has filed a permit amendment application to raise its quota
Sierracin Sylmar California said it hadn't seen the complaint
Net income forty five point nine million dollars or one dollar and seventeen cents a share
Navy officers consider all of these ships antiquated however
Late Tuesday the company reported flat earnings of sixteen cents a share for the second quarter
It may strike you that truth being stranger than fiction but I take offense that it is hard to accept Mr. Meese said in a pointed exchange with Senator George Mitchell D. Maine
The machine will start production next January at a rate of sixty five thousand metric tons annually
Externally he seeks stronger but revised economic cooperation with the Soviet Union and renewed links with the West
The yield declined to eight point eight percent from eight point eight seven percent
After months of talks North Korea recently abandoned negotiations with its foreign bankers
The colt grew up to be a three year old champion in Europe and was then sold by syndication for a huge forty million dollars
The state also has two giant auto assembly plants one operated by General Motors Corporation with five thousand two hundred workers and the other by Chrysler Corporation with four thousand five hundred
Cistron develops and makes diagnostic tests for immune deficiencies and infectious diseases
Mr. Diamond says he can't understand why people steal V. W. insignias just because he wears one
At the age of fourteen he crossed the Rio Grande into Texas to work
The bank's analysts warn however that increased domestic demand is not likely to go entirely into expanding imports from the U. S.
They are jockeying with one another dedicating tens of millions of dollars and years of computer development effort to offer these individuals portfolio accounting services that are as sophisticated and detailed as those available to institutional investors
Linear a manufacturer of the industrial wrapping also known as co extruded stretch film said Mobil Oil Corporation didn't specify financial damages in the suit filed in U. S. District Court in Delaware
Until the Pyongyang regime offers clear evidence that it is ready to join the civilized world there is no reason for the I. O. C. the U. S. or South Korea to forget or to concede or to cooperate in anything
We look at each situation individually
The White House said its negotiators in Geneva responding to a Soviet concession presented a new proposal at negotiations over an agreement to remove U. S. and Soviet short range and intermediate range missiles from Europe
David Crossen an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein and Company estimates Merck's cash will continue to grow rapidly rising to about four billion dollars by nineteen ninety two
Appraisers with a minimum of five years experience would be given two years to comply with education and testing requirements those with less than five years in the business wouldn't have a grace period
Senator Proxmire voiced several reservations about Mr. Greenspan but ended up voting for him
The average price Chevron received for West Texas Intermediate a benchmark product rose to eighteen dollars a barrel from fourteen dollars a year ago it currently is twenty dollars
Bankruptcy courts have little patience with deteriorating companies
And what diversification there was had to be disposed of to raise cash
Because these reactions don't occur in the microwave flavorists now add crusty notes to breads and toasty notes to cakes
Mr. Callen and his wife whom he met in college often spend their weekends flying and even the news of the new job hasn't caused them to cancel a family trip to an air show in Oshkosh Wisconsin this weekend
Tri Star Pictures Incorporated and Imagine Films Entertainment Incorporated terminated a year old agreement that called for Tri Star to help finance and distribute movies produced by Imagine
The labor troubles and interest rates the government briefly pushed interbank rates above twenty percent in May gave investors on Madrid's stock exchange the jitters a few weeks ago
They have been consistently taking market share away from companies like Pratt and Whitney and Rolls Royce said analyst Martin Sankey who follows G. E. for First Boston Corporation
Freese Notis Weather Incorporated a Des Moines Iowa weather forecaster predicts temperatures in the mid nineties and below normal rainfall for as long as two weeks in eastern Iowa and western Illinois
Pechiney retains a twenty five percent stake in the smelter
Under rules of Hart Scott Rodino a company or partnership wishing to acquire as much as fifteen million dollars of stock must wait for thirty days before receiving permission
The attorney general revealed that it was former National Security Adviser John Poindexter who first raised the concern with him about potential legal questions after the Iran initiative was exposed early last November
That brought the total drop since July seventeenth to about three and one quarter points
Jacob S. Seidman eighty five a founding partner of Seidman and Seidman slash B. D. O. Monday in New York City
Great Western Financial said it will pay nineteen dollars and eighty cents a share in cash or common stock at its option for all of Great Western Savings' common shares
Sumitomo posted a loss of thirteen point nine seven billion yen in contrast to profit of eighteen point six one billion yen
The European Community Commission confirmed that its competition panel has recommended an investigation of the sale of the Italian auto maker ALFA ROMEO COMPANY to FIAT COMPANY for possible violation of E. C. rules
So Mark Lipsky one of his business managers asked lawyers at Gold Farrell and Marks in New York to determine whether the offer was legitimate
But they have challenged the government's tough policies on exports saying that Swedish government orders alone aren't sufficient to support large arms companies
Northeast exceeding N. R. C. requirements demands that superintendents maintain N. R. C. operator licenses for the plants they run
London's gold mines index was up one point two points at four hundred forty seven point five
Banks which compete with money funds were paying an average yield of five point three nine percent on money market savings accounts in the week ended Wednesday unchanged from the week before according to Banxquote Online a New York based information service
If it's cheap enough they'll buy the goods in bulk with stringent delivery terms
In the past week or so he says the market had more warrants than it could absorb easily
Chrysler car sales were off in large part because the Number three auto maker has stopped producing its popular Dodge Omni and Plymouth Horizon subcompact models
Coming on the heels of a strong first quarter in both its businesses Xerox's latest results set the stage for nineteen eighty seven to be a milestone in its corporate history
Durable goods orders jumped one point four percent last month
But rather than creating a spirit of cooperation the training seminars and Team Concept itself have opened a rift at the G. M. plant between supporters and opponents of the new program
It was Phibro Energy's fourth consecutive quarterly improvement
Ironically the banker who as Daimler Benz's supervisory board chairman orchestrated the auto maker's management shake up faces growing speculation about an impending structural change in his own boardroom
He cited a series of exchanges with Admiral Poindexter and Mr. Casey last year that led him to believe that the arms sales weren't proceeding and said the State Department was excluded from classified cable traffic relevant to the initiative
The result a franchise that now claims more than fifty affiliates world wide and preaches to such clients as Ford Motor Company and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
Those statistics may be understating growth in productivity in the services sector he said which in turn may mean we're understating G. N. P. growth
The pipeline conern which serves Missouri Kansas and Oklahoma said it has provided open access transportation on its system since last December but said the open access process has resulted in deteriorating sales and could cause it potential problems with its take or pay customers
It had net income of nineteen billion lire in nineteen eighty six up forty eight percent from the year before while revenue jumped twenty five percent to forty two point four billion lire
In one thousand eight hundred forty five President Polk sought to place a well respected Pennsylvania judge George Woodward on the court
So how has the Western press treated Mr. Lee and his fascist city state
A bright note in the report was an zero point eight percent drop in apparel costs
Sunday July twenty sixth seven to eight p. m. E. D. T. on N. B. C. Crime Punishment and Kids
Only here some of the actors have Hispanic accents and there isn't a laugh anywhere
Now there's La Bamba
When the real trouble begins Mr. Erdmann says the ultimate cliche is always right you go to cash meaning Treasury bills
CONSTITUTION FETE creates a flood of commemorative products
Still Justice Scalia did not push hard enough
In the past two months the yield on the bellwether ten year Japanense goverment bond has risen about two percentage points to about four point five percent and investors and analysts see higher long term rates ahead
In the nineteen eighty six third quarter Oak had a three point five million dollar loss on sales of thirty four point seven million dollars
Thus Ms. Petersilia says the Georgia program may be dealing with offenders whose risk is unusually low by national standards and states lacking a similar low risk pool to tap for I. P. S. may not have nearly as good results
It's difficult psychologically
Guaranteed minimum six percent
For instance Texas American Bancshares Incorporated in Fort Worth sold one hundred thirty thousand card accounts to RepublicBank Corporation in Dallas for fifty seven million dollars late last year
But while the S. E. C. didn't address whether Pennzoil actually had a contract for Texaco to interfere with it did in a footnote cite a section of the Securities Exchange Act stating that every contract made in violation of any provision of the act shall be void
Both sides may decide to exempt military personnel and pay as well
But a surge in the prices of these small stocks would be in line with the performance of some other oil industry segments which started responding late last year to slowly recovering oil prices
The country's ability to draw foreign currency from the International Monetary Fund decreased two hundred four million dollars to eleven point three one billion dollars and holdings of I. M. F. Special Drawing Rights were down forty eight million dollars during the month to eight point eight six billion dollars
As a result he said the Street is panicking
In the meeting Brazil's representatives including Fernao Bracher a former central bank president and Antonio Seixas the chief foreign debt negotiator outlined their government's new macroeconomic program to the banks according to a joint statement issued late yesterday
The deductible currently is set at five hundred twenty dollars for each hospital stay
The Beverly Hills City Council unanimously voted to amend its stringent anti smoking ban to allow restaurateurs to set up separate areas in their establishments for smokers
The size of Citicorp's note issue also was increased fifty million dollars
He felt disposable diapers were the embodiment of Kimberly Clark's strengths its expertise in paper and its growing marketing flair
The Lombard is a rate under which banks borrow from the central bank using certain securities as collateral
Adelphia said the cable companies serve more than one hundred nine thousand subscribers
It is a reflection of a need to get on with our business
For many of the pool owners gaining more control over leisure time is a prime motivation
Analysts say health insurance claims often are a source of embarrassment to insurers requiring supplementary reserves
Although Mr. Icahn declined to discuss possible takeover targets of a closely held T. W. A. the airline in March announced it had purchased fifteen percent of U. S. Air Group Incorporated and offered to buy the rest for a total of one point six billion dollars
The survey by Robert A. Stanger and Company a Shrewsbury N. J. firm that tracks partnerships reported that total public partnership sales for the first six months rose twenty seven percent to seven point four seven billion dollars from five point eight four billion dollars a year earlier
The Day of the Living Dead is upon the Federal Home Loan Bank Board
Postmaster General Preston Tisch who participated in the wage negotiations during the final hours of bargaining said he believes the talks unlike the sessions in nineteen eighty four set the tone for a better relationship between labor and management
In return for clearing the land planting the palms and nurturing them into production each family was promised fifteen acres of productive palms ten acres of other crop land housing electricity a clean water supply and other amenities
The president must face the emergence of the prime minister as the most popular politician in the country
The women's tour started in nineteen eighty five now awards about fifty thousand dollars annually in prize money
The health club is free
But his musical brilliance his true legacy lies behind another best seller the album Trio featuring three of the country's leading female singers Emmylou Harris Linda Ronstadt and Dolly Parton
Norway has only six officials to discharge its international obligation to implement the rules
Do you have any proof that you're dreaming Mr. Shaffer
Michael Kolowich Lotus's vice president marketing and development said the planned acquisition clearly puts us out in the forefront of optical database publishing in the financial information area that both of us are serving
The conflict in South Africa is shifting from the townships to the shop floors says Tom Lodge a specialist in black politics at Johannesburg's University of the Witwatersrand
The school expects about seventy students to sign up this fall in real estate degree programs about the same as a year ago
Penguin Group Incorporated one point two million units each unit consisting of one common share and one warrant to buy a common share via Whale Securities Corporation
Philip B. Erlanger chief technical analyst at Advest Incorporated a Hartford Connecticut based brokerage who designed this monitor of skepticism said because of the large short positions and rising stock prices of energy and utility stocks he's bullish on the two sectors
First Interstate had a seven point three million dollar loss from such sales in the year ago period
Traveler's check sales advanced fifteen percent to five point one billion dollars
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Standard Brands Paint shares closed at twenty nine dollars and fifty cents up eighty seven point five cents
A C. I. P. spokesman declined to comment on the dispute other than to say that the company had demanded productivity improvements from the union
But it turns out that some districts have more possibly noncompliant taxpayers than others
The legislation would provide expanded insurance coverage for medical bills for the elderly
I would hope we don't get down there
Doctor Somnambule we'll call him is a professor who heads the anesthesiology department at a New York institution he also heads a corporation through which department members practice privately
Senator Dole predicted that without substantial changes a veto could be sustained
United Jersey based in Princeton is the third largest bank holding company in New Jersey with assets of about eight point two billion dollars
TechAmerica Group Incorporated Kansas City Missouri said its board approved a merger calling for S. D. S. Biotech Corporation to buy the four point one million TechAmerica shares it doesn't already own for four dollars each or sixteen point four million dollars
Texas Air said only that the forty two year old Mr. Plaskett one of the airline industry's most highly regarded managers had resigned
Brazil will meet with major creditor banks today the first formal contact since April
The agency's staff has thirty days to appeal the decision to the commission or the commission can decide on its own to modify the judge's order before it becomes final
Instead Henley seemed mostly frustrated by Santa Fe's slowness to spin off some of its assets
About sixty five million dollars of debt is affected
Energy Development said several Quinoco Energy Incorporated income program partnerships contributed about nine point five million dollars of the purchase price
A jury awarded De Rance twenty eight point two million dollars in damages
The tomato that ate New Jersey and all that nonsense
Unlike most Soviet companies which have been at the mercy of central supply distributors the plant has always had top priority among Moscow bureaucrats for materials and imported machinery as well as capital investment funds because it caters to industries that are critically important to the economy
Ratification in fact has already gotten difficult in recent years particularly at G. M.
I do not believe bankers have a monopoly on these traits indeed at a time of record problems the banking and thrift industries no doubt could be strengthened by allowing industrial companies and non bank financial firms to bring their managerial and financial resources to bear
The U. S. quietly enlisted Saudi Arabia to help persuade the reluctant Kuwaitis to trust the Reagan administration
Such issues as raising Brazil's thirty seven dollar minimum monthly wage cutting the working week to forty hours from forty eight providing greater job security and improving health and education are fundamental to his platform
The results also were helped by Merrill's leveraged buyout operations which closed two large transactions in the quarter
The purchase an abrupt shift in Occidental's strategy stunned analysts at the time and grew out of what was then a personal relationship between Armand Hammer Occidental's chairman and chief executive officer and David H. Murdock a Los Angeles investor who owned stock in Iowa Beef
Of the fifteen players within five strokes of the lead starting the final day only one mustached Rodger Davis of Australia broke par
The third wave's grass roots groups such as Mothers Against Drunk Driving focused on the innocent victims of drunken driving
Soon she stands naked before him
The shares will be called randomly the utility said
Yesterday the one hundred share index which slipped fourteen point seven points Friday fell twenty eight to two thousand four hundred point seven
Massachusetts is expected to enact legislation that will significantly broaden the authority of the Massachusetts Industrial Finance Agency the state's issuer of industrial development bonds
In nineteen eighty six Dow's net income was seven hundred thirty two million dollars or three dollars and eighty two cents a share and company officials said in April they were comfortable with other analysts' predictions that Dow's net would reach four dollars and sixty five cents a share in nineteen eighty seven
The Labor Department may decide soon whether to adopt mandatory procedures to protect health care workers
But at mealtimes when they normally would have taken an extra injection to deal with the meal they inhaled an insulin dose
But pilots say and other evidence strongly suggests that a surprising number of close calls are never reported to the Federal Aviation Administration
Also offered was a one hundred million dollar issue of Torchmark Corporation notes due July fifteenth nineteen ninety
At the very heart of the family feeling is a straight laced almost puritanical attitude among Delta employees that they are somehow the chosen few flying above the rest of the pack
Big Board volume fell to one hundred sixty eight point one million shares from two hundred ten million shares Friday as decliners outnumbered advancers by better than two to one
Although the dollar was slightly lower on the day many traders said the currency has a good chance of strengthening this week because of conflicts in the Persian Gulf area
The sale could raise six hundred million dollars analysts said
He noted that the company is easing off some cost controls including ending a six month six percent pay cut for salaried employees and he predicted that new products from Digital Equipment Corporation will force Wang to lower some prices in the next two quarters
The plan to buy more shares could be a prelude to a bid for Santa Fe but Mr. Dingman declined to say whether Henley will buy more shares or seek control of the diversified railway concern
Average daily trading volume two hundred thirty five thousand ninety four shares
Most of all Mr. Allman does not take into account the full weight of Cuban and Latin American culture which means more than black beans guayabera leisure shirts and traditional family values
The cars being recalled are the nineteen eighty four and nineteen eighty five model one ninety D. two point two the nineteen eighty six model one ninety D. two point five the nineteen eighty four through nineteen eighty six model one ninety E. two point three and the nineteen eighty six model one ninety E. two point three to sixteen
In nearly twenty years of journalism I rarely have had such a sustained opportunity to load up on those goodies myself
The brand name companies argue that rising prices are necessary to fund their fast rising costs of research and development
Under a safety recall they are required to follow pre approved language in their letters to owners he said
Mingus could actually see somewhere ahead generations that like jazz musicians listened to individual voices
Senator Thomas Dodd understood this better than his son
Approximately three fourths of all P. B. G. C. claims have come from the high wage steel industry even though the industry has paid an infinitesimal share of the premiums
The banks need to wonder who they're going to send as collection agent if these loans go bad
For tuition of about two hundred fifty dollars the schools teach the finer points of stage presence choreography rhythm and even etiquette
It's a lower class drug
Adds Fred Fezatte the vice president of purchasing at Minneapolis based Land O'Lakes Incorporated We don't expect the big fare wars anymore
It also makes building materials and pressure pipes distributes paper sells jewelry and has interests in mining gas and oil
A similar slight pickup is also foreseen in the inflation rate
Near the island's eastern end they stumbled across an ancient clearing of rotted moss covered stumps at the center of which stood a single large oak tree with a sawed off limb
The Labor Department whose interpretations of federal wage and hour laws carry considerable weight is contemplating revising the classification of journalists as part of a broad review of several occupations
A spokesman for the consortium said it had spent about eighty million pounds one hundred twenty eight million dollars on the project so far
Another sign of the family's desire to evolve with the industry It recently changed the company's name from Kankakee Industrial Supply Company to Darter Incorporated
But it does provide that the president is commander in chief receives foreign emissaries and with Congress's approval appoints ambassadors and makes treaties
But speculation flared anew after Mr. Wasserman's surgery
A spokesman for the two larger unions said both sides have signed a memorandum of understanding that guarantees the ten thousand jobs will remain under the Postal Workers' jurisdiction
In a prepared statement Mr. Nofziger denied any deliberate violation of federal laws promised to fight the charges and asserted that Mr. McKay's investigation has systematically ruined my good name my business and my finances
Tim Youngman an analyst at Savory Milln a London brokerage firm touted S. K. F. as a cheap alternative to A. S. E. A. a heavy engineering concern that is popular on buy lists because of its backlog of orders
The lack of those records leaves major gaps now in the congressional investigation and makes it more difficult to reach a final judgment as to what the president knew of the diversion of Iran arms sales profits to Nicaraguan insurgents
This view was echoed by David M. Jones a senior vice president at Aubrey G. Lanston and Company
In its fiscal first quarter ended May second Marcade earned two point one million dollars or seven cents a share on revenue of thirty six point one million dollars
The utility agreed last year to pay a one hundred eighty one million dollar judgment stemming from a disputed coal supply contract
Senators kept close watch on ailing C. I. A. chief Casey to confirm that his May sixth death was from natural causes U. S. News and World Report said
The sale of those units along with proceeds from the sale of Composite will generate about thirty four point two million dollars and will be used to help finance K. D. I.'s thirty five million dollar acquisition of Triangle Microwave Incorporated
Citing lower than expected orders because of poor market conditions in the computer and telecommunications industries the company said that although industry conditions have improved the effects have not yet materialized in the data communications area
We decided the key factor in reaching profitablilty was to tackle costs
A team of Seagram advisers monitors the investment and Seagram's board even meets once a year at Du Pont's Wilmington Delaware headquarters
He had the look of the day too pale skin gingery whiskers and rather puffy eyes
Next at eight to one was Greg Norman of Australia who won last year's go around at Turnberry
The issue is not mergers in general nor is it tender offers in general
Just last Monday the company said talks with a possible bidder had ended
According to President Rajiv P. Mehta senior managers were so busy raising seven point seven million dollars in a March public offering that they didn't have time to complete several sales
Each unit consists of five thousand shares of cumulative preferred stock Auction Series A with a par value of twenty dollars a share
In the old system underwriters could wind up with no bonds to sell on a good issue and too many on a bad one one banker said
Analysts said investors were anticipating that if Mr. Wasserman were no longer in control M. C. A. could become a takeover target
K. K. R. typically doesn't close at its opening bid said John Stanley an analyst for Wertheim Schroder and Company in New York
Mr. Royster is editor emeritus of the Journal
They cite a drop in the rate on federal funds or reserves banks lend each other overnight to about six and one half percent the past week from six and three quarters percent in the first three weeks of June
Prices rose across the board in active trading with financial and real estate issues leading the way
He found that for the first time in memory he didn't
But the move signals that the F. C. C. will hold U. H. F. spectrum in reserve a turnaround from recent decisions that had assigned it for such uses as police or fire department radio systems
A company spokesman declined to place a value on the sale
But now the federal tax reform is producing another sort of automatic dividend for the states a broadened tax base through the elimination of deductions for consumer interest capital gains treatment and the like
Caledonian whose advertising slogan is We never forget you have a choice itself has long fought against the domination of British Airways
This week it said it received but rejected an offer to buy its equities business reportedly from a U. S. firm
One big problem now is conflicting signals
A top executive at a South Korean conglomerate says their resentment is like a volcano ready to explode
Nor was the issue mentioned in his final meeting with the president last November twenty fifth
David Meister executive vice president of F. N. N. said his company isn't concerned about a competing Turner business news service
I mean we're not taking these people to the Bahamas for six days he says
The suit alleges that P. David Herrlinger forty six years old profited by trading options in the Minneapolis based retailer before and after the June twenty third bid which the suit termed fraudulent
In nineteen eighty six directors of all companies answering the survey received an average twenty thousand four hundred sixty two dollars in retainer and boardmeeting fees up four point seven percent from the average nineteen thousand five hundred forty four dollars they earned last year
The trade number didn't affect the flow of funds from Japan to the U. S. Mr. White said
A. T. and T. contends U. S. Sprint is just mad it lost the contract
In a statement James E. Olson A. T. and T. chairman said that while the company cannot guarantee that earnings for the rest of the year will match the level achieved in the first six months we expect to continue doing better than we anticipated when the year began
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange the stock rose three dollars and twenty five cents to close at fifty three dollars and twenty five cents
Before that gain the company said it expects to post an after tax loss of ten million dollars to fifteen million dollars for the quarter ended August first
The shareholder who filed suit in Delaware Chancery Court is then expected to get an answer on his request for a preliminary injunction against the distribution of the shares
MODINE MANUFACTURING COMPANY declared a two for one stock split payable August seventeenth to stock of record August third
And much to the consternation of Fed officials he has scored some remarkable successes
One reason is that Mr. Greenspan inherits some puzzling recent history
It's not very practical when you have three people trying to work in a space thirty centimeters about a foot wide
Mr. Petrilli and Mr. Calabria couldn't be reached for comment
It would raise more questions in my mind than what we're dealing with here because what we're dealing with here is the appointment of an officer of the court
Year earlier sales figures were restated to reflect the sale of I. T. T.'s telecommunications operations last year
In Saint Louis for example leaded regular gasoline is posted as low as seventy four point nine cents a gallon
Decliners outnumbered gainers four hundred seventy seven to four hundred while one hundred fifty issues were unchanged
It took four attempts to put a telephone call through to the investment banking firm of D. A. Campbell Company in Los Angeles
But again Mr. Barayi called for union resolve
Substantial fines are likely to be proposed
McClatchy Newspapers closely held by the same West Coast family since the days of the California Gold Rush said it probably will sell some of its shares to the public
In recent months Pan Am has been trying to persuade its employee unions to accept labor cost savings of one hundred eighty million dollars a year in exchange for Pan Am stock
Unless your New England Nissan dealers sell all their new Sentras and trucks I will be called home
Withnail and I however turned out to be a nice surprise a nice and wry and amusing surprise
An internal Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation working paper concludes that it could cost as much as forty billion dollars to resolve the problems of the savings and loan industry according to an agency spokesman
To discourage any other bidders Adams Russell granted Cablevision an option exercisable under certain circumstances to purchase a controlling interest in the company at forty three point oh seven five dollars a share
For the first half net income dropped zero point eight percent to five hundred sixty four point eight million dollars or three dollars and ninety nine cents a share from five hundred sixty nine point two million dollars or three dollars and ninety one cents a share a year earlier
The manager of the restaurant wouldn't confirm or deny receiving a subpoena
A pre war espionage law was allowed to lapse during the postwar U. S. occupation
But it also zeroed in on the widespread industry practice of rewarding advisers with commissions and even prizes such as cars vacations and Gucci handbags for selling financial products to clients who come to them seeking objective advice
According to some analysts Mr. Volcker is reluctant to testify at the House subcommittee hearing the same day because that might upstage Mr. Greenspan
Separately Newhall which owns and is developing the Southern California community of Valencia said second quarter net income fell thirty percent to six point seven million dollars or thirty two cents a share from nine point six million dollars or fifty cents a share in the year earlier quarter
Honeywell was up one and one eighth to eighty five and five eighths Unisys rose one and seven eighths to one hundred twenty nine and seven eighths and International Business Machines gained one half to one hundred sixty eight
Japan's major banks are discussing increasing their reserves against possible losses from foreign loans
Much of that stability has been due to the actions of the central banks of the U. S. Japan West Germany France and Britain
Don't waste your efforts
And even after the final architecture was set parallel engineering teams competed to develop certain crucial features such as the bus that routes instructions and data around the machine
In nineteen eighty three Japan agreed to exempt the U. S. from its ban on exporting such technology
For the original articles we need a real heavyweight such as John Updike Elmore Leonard or Danielle Steele
Others disillusioned by Wilsonian liberalism and the carnage of World War one became increasingly preoccupied with their own personal and artistic liberation
It could do worse than to take up the Netherlands Antilles tax treaty fiasco a perfect example of foreign affairs confusion caused by the recent executive branch campaign to extend America's tax and regulatory reach beyond U. S. shores
Consider for example the following hypothetical case It's nineteen ninety and President Joe Biden decides to supply the African National Congress with Stinger anti aircraft missiles and with money to help recruiting and training and turns over to the A. N. C. the best U. S. intelligence on South Africa
The decrease reflects the company's continuing restructuring program under which it has shed assets and discontinued certain product lines
B. T. R. was up two at three hundred fifty six
The timing of it is intriguing said Tim Clarke an analyst at London stockbrokerage Scrimgeour Vickers and Company
Mr. Miller told the Senate Budget Committee yesterday that the administration will have new deficit estimates ready next month
Mr. Campbell testified that only Mr. Barry was involved in B. C. M. and that the initials stand for Barry Capital Management according to the person familiar with his testimony
Revenue edged up four point three percent to twelve point eight billion dollars from twelve point two seven billion dollars
The result the thirty five million dollars Laidley Towers the largest office building in town
Though he hired the public relations specialist to line up some interviews Mr. Stein says he fired her after three days
It's just a lot cheaper than going to court he said from the company's Los Angeles office
Al Soria vice president and foreign exchange manager for Swiss Bank Corporation in New York said the dollar was well supported at its late afternoon levels
In the process of liberalization the government is seeing to it that the local financial institutions are protected says an investment banker
Although Coca Cola Company's Columbia Pictures unit and its one third owned Tri Star Pictures Incorporated unit have exclusive contracts with H. B. O. currently Mr. Redstone said he has discussed signing them up for Showtime when those arrangements expire
G. M. is locked in as far as this quarter's production is concerned he said
The report states that Soviet S. S. eighteens can be protected against U. S. lasers by applying a coat of shielding material at the cost of at most three out of the ten warheads on each S. S. eighteen
In the second step CertainTeed said it will make a tender offer for all remaining shares at the same price
Mr. Nakasone's public remarks were among his strongest on the Toshiba matter and signaled a conciliatory stance toward the U. S. which has been highly critical of the company
Mr. Gardner fifty three years old succeeds George L. Clark who recently was killed in a plane crash
Yet they know what U. S. forces can do
Instead of friends the programs are making enemies says Joe Brancatelli editor of Travel Today magazine
Sales jumped forty eight percent to forty one point one million dollars from twenty seven point eight million dollars
Traders cited for instance the Senate's decision yesterday to postpone action to delay the reflagging which is likely to begin in the next few days
Unlike some energy partnerships that have wasting assets this money manager believes the Oppenheimer partnership has good prospects to boost its assets under management
That would compare with a zero point five percent gain in May
Taiwan's government lifted martial law that was was imposed by Chiang Kai shek in nineteen forty nine and the Defense Ministry announced the release of twenty three prisoners including some political dissidents
Imo a supplier of instruments controls engineered products and support services for industrial and military applications said the acquisition will give it greater market penetration world wide and improved distribution networks and sales forces
Stocks were marked up by market makers who were short of shares following last week's rally dealers said
That implies maintaining a low level of debt and holding down costs as well
Average daily turnover in the cash market has more than doubled from the equivalent of about seventy billion dollars last year to roughly one hundred seventy five billion dollars in the first four months of nineteen eighty seven
One of his solicitations begins with heavy pounding on a door
So many organizations have come and gone
Sister Jeanne O'Laughlin says he does
If banks cannot be fully insulated from a parent firm's commercial entities either the safety net under them will have to be extended to all who would own and control banks or the safety net should be eliminated
When Chase Manhattan Bank initiated the last prime rate boost in mid May the funds rate was hovering around six and three quarters percent
But the concern says it is negotiating with two companies it wouldn't name about a sale of some or all its assets and that it has received unspecified other inquiries
Without admitting or denying wrongdoing the Posners eventually reimbursed the companies six hundred thousand dollars plus one point one million dollars in personal expenditures subsequently cited by independent auditing committees
Representative Al Swift D. Washington chairman of the House elections subcommittee is pushing legislation that would require broadcasters to provide cut rate advertising for congressional candidates who accept voluntary spending limits
It makes perfect sense that a scholarly edition should print documents in their original language but it does seem perverse that Princeton does not include an English translation especially when one does exist
We contacted Mr. Wolf to find out how he gathered the data for his table since he did not call us for our forecasts
Mr. Van Cleve It's clear isn't it that when Congress wants to control the president's conduct in a statute like this especially in foreign policy it usually says so explicitly
Mr. Yetnikoff has sought to revive that proposal at least once in recent months C. B. S. sources said
We're not talking about whether I like his principles
Perhaps they were hoping for a rise in the price of stones so that they could save themselves over time says Mr. Boucheron the jeweler
Because of the sharp fall in prices and the world wide recession in the oil industry foreign oil company spending for exploration development and production in Indonesia last year fell thirty one percent below planned expenditures
Both Greyhound and Trailways are closely held concerns based here
It has demanded a thirty percent wage increase across the board while management is offering sixteen percent to twenty three percent
Damon also is benefiting from from U. S. Army contracts for AIDS testing and has become the nation's largest tester for the acquired immune deficiency syndrome Mr. Kosowsky said
In addition the management and staff of U. S. A. Today in Arlington were allowed to spend large sums of money while Gannett's other daily newspapers were forced to pinch pennies
The D. O. T. currently compiles data on consumer complaints but doesn't require airlines to disclose service data
Officials at S. P. couldn't be reached to elaborate
If Mr. Reuter does become chairman as expected it will complete a remarkable reversal of fortune for the intellectual
Sammons based in Dallas is a closely held operator of cable T. V. systems
Harold's Stores Incorporated initial offering of one point one million common shares including three hundred fifty thousand shares owned by shareholders via Rauscher Pierce
Weinberger said the start of U. S. escort operations for Kuwaiti tankers in the gulf is imminent
Not a one
Heritage subsequently made an equal award to a foundation linked to Mr. Miller and International Business Communications but it isn't clear how much of this money ever reached Nicaragua
Mrs. Amaya sees the test as a tool that could help her son forward not a barrier keeping him in his current status
The chemical and pharmaceuticals company said the line will have a capacity of three hundred twenty million pounds a year
But only nineteen percent expect an improvement in business conditions during the next six months down from twenty one percent in May
There for two days they will putter in privacy
An industrial country that had escaped World War two intact had made the fateful goof in the nineteen fifties of industrializing all over again adding superfluous heavy industry
The market has rebounded about seven percent since June tenth when the Credit Suisse index languished at five hundred ten point seven
Phillips Van Heusen makes clothing under such brand names as Van Heusen Cricketeer Geoffrey Beene Country Britches and Cacharel
But in Afghanistan nationalism remains a weak force
You don't want to gang up on Iran
No one here expresses any doubt about South Korea's ability to follow through successfully on either
The budget shortfall partly reflects the fact that economic growth over the last six months has fallen short of the administration's expectations
Far from easing the conflict however the so called president's rule only has ushered in another spate of killings by Sikh extremists who have attacked both moderate Sikhs and Hindus
Serious and rather stern the six foot seven inch Mr. Volcker may not seem to offer much in the way of box office appeal
We are trying to deal with one specific issue here and what I would like to do is to get the opinion of each of the members of the committee about this specific agent with regard to the information that we have concerning its efficacy and what happens after that is another issue that perhaps we can deal with at another time
But because it isn't a limited partnership the fund must comply with the thirty percent test
But the spokesman added I can tell you there were multiple requests to our crew not to report the incident and to keep it covered up
Francis R. Carroll president of the Worcester Massachusetts organization says the proposals would make health insurance more affordable and accessible to the country's small businesses
Companies expanding their New York work force would be eligible for a new tax credit of as much as two point five percent of earnings
A negotiated sale however would have to be submitted for approval to creditors and the court Texaco's Mr. Miller said
A week later I was riding the horse
Tops Markets Incorporated said RFS Buffalo Acquisition Corporation completed its tender offer to acquire the Buffalo N. Y. supermarket chain for thirty three dollars and fifty cents a share or about one hundred ninety six million dollars in a leveraged buyout
Representative Willis Gradison agrees
Mellon Bank Corporation following two quarters of heavy losses began a six month hiring and salary freeze for most of its salaried work force
Within a few months its stock price fell fifty three percent from forty three and seven eighths to a low of twenty and three quarters
Obviously it was serious for us
Civilians said Macoutes led soldiers attacked people with automatic weapons during the recent general strike
Air Force officials however say that recent test firings indicate that the weapon can hit its targets
Over the past several years however as slower growth and foreign competition have squeezed margins and reduced working capital U. S. managers have been pressed to speed up inventory turnover while holding the line on service
And when the regional Federal Home Loan Bank was moved to Dallas from Little Rock in late nineteen eighty three the number of agents and supervisors shrank to twelve from thirty four
Sidney Sheinberg president of M. C. A. Incorporated said he hopes the producers will also stick together
Individuals and other groups may not use any of the airwaves unless those anointed managers voluntarily choose to give or sell some time which is always on restrictive terms set by the managers
Trade through Hong Kong alone grew seven percent to six hundred forty six million dollars in nineteen eighty six according to Hong Kong government figures
Whether shareholders will be better served if Congress takes the opportunity signaled by the Supreme Court and leaves the tender offer ball in the states' court remains to be seen
Win more too
His playing was really hot and challenging
They objected to turning their twenty one year old son's funeral into a public protest rally but it was no longer their decision
The company makes six thousand car parts from glove boxes to catalytic converters and while most parts makers tend to specialize Magna has grown rapidly by broadening its product line
But some leaders of the P. C. revolution disagree
Small technology company stocks which fell almost four percent fared even worse
Mr. Murawski agrees to spend five thousand dollars on ads
Frankfurt stocks fell as the dollar weakened against the West German mark
Can a drama about a teen age werewolf become a hit television series
But expectations of stable interest rates augur well for financial institutions an S. and P. spokesman said
U. S. officials speculate they were irritated by a leak suggesting they would agree to further compromises
But Senator Dan Quayle R. Indiana who led the opposition to the provision noted that its adoption undercut business backing for the trade bill and predicted that President Reagan will veto the measure
The report released after the close of trading yesterday said sixty six million acres of corn were planted this spring rather than the sixty eight million acres that many analysts predicted
Mr. Esrey said yesterday it would take about two months for U. S. Sprint to get its billing problems under control
Mr. Bilzerian's filings indicate he bought most of his holding at less than thirteen dollars and fifty cents a share
Consolidated Rail rose three eighths to thirty three and one quarter and Computer Associates was up five eighths to twenty four and one eighth both companies were added to the list of stocks in the S. and P. five hundred index
Bavaria's plans to acquire a five percent stake in LUFTHANSA the West German state controlled airline have prompted a threat by the Free Democratic Party or F. D. P. to obstruct future government subsidies for the European consortium AIRBUS INDUSTRIE
Colonel North said he offered to take the blame himself but Mr. Casey argued that Admiral Poindexter then the national security adviser needed to be hit as well to give the administration a credible defense
The sole office of Red Oak State closed yesterday by state regulators was scheduled to reopen with the same name today as a newly chartered subsidiary of ROSB Bancorp Incorporated also of Red Oak
As their member of Parliament Mr. Campbell must try to solve his constituents' problems
The march began peacefully and riot police stayed away but it ended in violence when about one hundred thousand students tried to march on President Chun's Seoul palace and police blocked them
But it hopes to gain European travelers in the U. S. by feeding traffic to and from the three European carriers
Such considerations however did occur to another trading house Bear Stearns and Company which Wall Street sources said declined to purchase the stock for Mr. Bilzerian
Rouse had bought some of the land but much of it had been snatched up by a competitor who also wanted to put up a building on the site
I think our economy is finally beginning to turn around
Each company naturally claims its easy to clean carpet brand is superior either because of the type of nylon polymers or the method for applying the stain repelling chemicals
That seems pretty straightforward
But they were totally insensate to the project's other goal to spur economic growth
Now he plays only the most rarefied rooms The Oak Room at the Algonquin in Manhattan the Plush Room at the York Hotel in San Francisco and the Ritz in London
But in recent weeks economic factors have been changing
At this point all hell broke loose she says
The past decade has seen an exodus of older workers from the labor force
That's wise but as a person reared in a tradition of Yankee efficiency and frugality I see their alternative as an inexcusable waste of manpower when there is so much that needs to be done
It sparked a demand for more
But consider the development in the early nineteen seventies of niobiumtin superconductors which were touted because they worked at somewhat higher temperatures and could produce stronger magnetic fields than niobium titanium
The rest was according to him easy
So Bill B. T.
Everyone wanted to be on good terms with Boesky says Kenneth J. Bialkin a takeover lawyer at Willkie Farr and Gallagher
Equatorial based in Mountain View California is a satellite data network concern that has been in financial trouble
Attempts to reach Mr. Minkow for comment have been unsuccessful but his lawyer Arthur Barens says I categorically deny that Mr. Minkow was involved in or aware of any wrongdoing or fraud
The California Department of Insurance says neither Mr. Padgett nor his company is a licensed insurance adjuster although it isn't clear whether either did work requiring a license
But after D. Lowell Jensen a U. S. District Court judge in San Francisco and former Pennsylvania Governor Richard Thornburgh two of Mr. Meese's top candidates didn't express interest in the job the search apparently bogged down
It closed at forty five dollars and twenty five cents up fifty cents on the day and up from last Thursday's close of forty one dollars and twenty five cents
Industrial Bank of Japan fell ninety yen to four thousand fifty yen Fuji Bank dropped eighty yen to two thousand nine hundred fifty yen Bank of Yokohama fell sixty yen to one thousand five hundred ninety yen and Mitsui Trust eased forty yen to two thousand six hundred fifty yen
For the full fiscal year Loral expects sales to exceed one point five billion dollars including Loral Systems Group as the newly acquired unit is called
Carbide lawyers object to the simultaneous appeals
Yet even such small victories have persuaded some Kuomintang hard liners to push for harsher crackdowns on illegal demonstrations sponsored by the opposition
A month and a half later after having searched for a controller since last year the Tigers approached and interviewed Mr. Wilson
Mr. Shultz was not indicating either his knowledge or approval of the activities to which North has recently testified the statement said
A Capital Southwest spokesman declined to comment on Service Corporation's statement or on its holdings in Capital Southwest
Because many traders had been expecting a buildup in crude inventories for the week Mr. Bolling said the decline more than offset the negative impact of a buildup in distillate and gasoline supplies reported by the A. P. I.
But others insist that the funds rate decline recently was caused by technical factors that will disappear soon and that the funds rate will pop back up to six and three quarters percent
The result bargain fares for those willing to shop around with the best buys for those willing to book at the last minute
J.P Morgan and Company posted a second quarter loss of five hundred eighty six point four million dollars reflecting increased reserves for Third World loans
Income from trust and agency activity rose to one hundred four point nine million dollars from eighty five point six million dollars
Under the standstill agreement with Pay 'N Pak Mr. Bilzerian was to receive certain confidential information and in exchange agreed not to acquire any company stock beyond his roughly ten percent stake without the company's approval for a two hundred thirty day period
Now some people formerly in high places in government are attempting to recast the old argument in a more seductive guise reductions would increase U. S. security troops withdrawn from Europe could meet more likely contingencies elsewhere particularly Southwest Asia
Outraged I joined a committee for Mr. Panov and his ballerina wife
I was deeply wounded by this
Now there's his first solo album X. Y. Z. M. C. A.
Siemens recovered seven point nine marks to six hundred eighty point four marks three hundred seventy dollars and eight cents after falling twenty three marks Monday
Where the Bill of Rights is clear such as outlawing racial discrimination judges must make sure these rights are protected
It would be tragic says Mr. Mitchell if these historic structures were left to crumble
The view from inside was if anything worse
Rankled by the upstart John D. Rockefeller whose Standard Oil Exxon's forebear dominated the market tried to take over Mr. Samuel's company
But Mr. Rawl calls the Kittiwake a modest field and says Exxon has had bigger differences with its partners over more significant projects
The shortage has prompted several science museums to start producing and distributing their own films
Second from last was W. H. Reaves and Company Jersey City N. J. which gained four point seven percent
The result might be very good for the country
All accepted bids were at a rate of six point seven five two percent
The new Sun four workstations priced starting at forty thousand dollars are tailored for computer aided engineering and design uses as well as for scientific modeling and calculation intensive tasks
Shearman and Sterling which has been hired by U. S. Japanese and Swiss institutional investors became convinced the only way to protect investors was to see if the treaty termination notice could be withdrawn said Mr. Butler
Several Japanese Embassy experts keep in close touch with key congressional staff members
The two groups will operate the three stations jointly through nineteen ninety five and then likely will sell them
The disclosures are likely to heat up the debate over when a company must let the public know of takeover talks
Unit said it was taking the write down because of the poor outlook for the onshore contract drilling industry
Said David Kosowsky chairman of Damon Biotech Incorporated Needham Heights Massachusetts It gives us significantly more freedom with our partners Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Company Limited in Japan and SmithKline Beckman Corporation in the rest of the world to aggressively pursue what we think will be a very large market
Separately a proposed one hundred point seven million dollar issue of revenue bonds by the Washington Health Care Facilities Authority was tentatively priced yesterday by underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Incorporated
I think there's a strong conviction out there that the dollar has stabilized and could appreciate further thus making dollar investments very attractive Mr. Fredericks said
Compaq Computer lost one and three eighths to forty three and Tandem Computers fell three quarters to twenty eight and one half
In March the company omitted the quarterly dividend on its common and preferred stock
An industry seeking import relief must show it can make positive adjustment to competition Senator Bentsen said
The testimony heightens the importance of scheduled testimony next week by Admiral Poindexter who has emerged as the key link to President Reagan
Reverend Sullivan made it clear that he advocates an either or approach either divestment or the powerful alternative of sponsoring and voting for shareholder resolutions calling for company withdrawal
The government is giving out the basic data university professors are consulting electronics makers are cooperating on data transmission systems and auto makers are working on applications says Hiroshi Tsuda senior vehicle research engineer at Nissan Motor Company Getting these four areas working together on one project that's Japan's strength
It caused me a lot of trouble
Other executives say hostile bids for old employers probably aren't worth the trouble
We could never have done that four years ago says Mark Rosenblum the group's North America coordinator
I've been bitten twice but some guys get it a lot more than that
But he believes that as the number of such funds increases those premiums could narrow or disappear
What they really need now is measures to promote exports such as unifying their exchange rates
Formed in nineteen eighty five by Frederick W. Hill owner of a men's clothing store here the group has become the hit of this Detroit suburb's annual July Fourth celebrations
Currently Telemundo reaches forty five percent of that market
The legislative record shows that everyone knew the executive branch was left free to do what it could to support the Contras until Congress resumed funding
An unemployment rate for all twelve E. C. nations wasn't available because of difficulty in harmonizing statistics from Spain Portugal and Greece with the rest of the E. C.
Redwood City California based Fortune Systems makes computer systems
Last week Reichhold dismissed the offer as inadequate and said it would consider other alternatives including rival bids and restructuring moves
IS CASH BORING
Freeport McMoRan Australia's main interests are seventy five percent of a gold prospect at Karonie Western Australia and eighty percent of the Bow River diamond project
The town hall in Remels is easy to find It is the building next to the windmill
For those into vicarious thrills who like to see how the boss's boss's boss lives read on
Both advertising agencies and the networks buy Nielsen's data to help make ratings projections for the purpose of negotiating advertising rates and guarantees
A review of the company's executive succession plan was launched in June to assure continued strong leadership in the foreseeable future Mr. Smith the acting chief executive said in a prepared statement
After President Reagan fired him on national television a friend found Colonel North sitting alone in his office
Unhappiness over the Reagan adminstration's farm policies has become a serious political problem for G. O. P. candidates in the Midwest despite increased spending for subsidies under the current administration
In a series of articles James Lemoyne of the New York Times has reported on the Sandinistas' forced uprootings of villages displacing perhaps one hundred thousand Nicaraguans human rights abuses including the shooting of fleeing refugees and peasant defections to the contras the series also described instances of contras forcibly impressing peasants into their forces
Mr. McCarthy denies this and said he will oppose any motion to throw out the thirteen count federal indictment on that basis
Another factor in the decline in apprehensions earlier this year may have been the perception of increasing border violence
The rules also specify that first repayments are considered to pay back the first borrowing made under the credit line
Last year the car companies sold a total of eight point two million North American made cars in the U. S.
Therefore most of the dismay Mr. Bukovsky voices here over Western attitudes toward the Soviet Union is pre Gorbachev
But net income would be about forty percent lower than the roughly two point five million dollars the company earned in the nineteen eighty seven first quarter
It was total teamwork
What then accounts for this divergence
He is responsible for the excesses
At I. B. M. the notion of internal customers dates back to the Basic Beliefs articulated by founder Thomas Watson
Mr. Sorkin is writing a book on the Barbary Wars
On the other hand bad credit risks tend to share such attributes as a history of job instability or possessing an abundance of credit cards factors that are assigned low or even negative scores
Syria has closed the Damascus offices of the notorious Palestinian terrorist Abu Nidal barred the terrorist leader from returning to Syria from Libya and shut down Abu Nidal's training camps in Syria
It brings him out from under the shadow of Kakuei Tanaka a former premier who was convicted for taking bribes
In the year ended January thirty first Sterling earned five point two million dollars or one dollar and forty two cents a share on sales of one hundred four million dollars
A prison guard cut him off but later the O. and W. Society won permission to take one of its right of way bus tours to the site
The opposition estimates the number of political prisoners at about three thousand the government acknowledges one thousand one hundred
Japanese and Americans are prisoners of a formula dating from the early nineteen sixties that prescribes ever greater knowledge sensitivity and understanding by America together with bolder self explanations by Japan
Gold funds fell back sharply from their top spot in the first quarter as precious metals fervor cooled along with fears of rising inflation
With Colonel North looking on and reportedly cracking jokes about hiring an attorney Mr. Reynolds discovered the so called smoking gun memo A five page document undated and unsigned spelling out plans to divert to the Nicaraguan Contras about twelve million dollars of the proceeds from the Iranian arms sales
BioTechnica International Incorporated said its BioTechnica Agriculture unit signed a letter of intent to acquire McAllister Seed Company of Mount Pleasant Iowa
The Chapter seven filing comes after creditor banks forced Mr. Davis's oil drilling and service concerns into involuntary bankruptcy law proceedings in nineteen eighty five
The current account comprises trade in goods and services and some unilateral transfers
It's completely unrealistic to expect this market to return to normal in the near future because no one knows what issues can be traded on what basis says a syndications specialist at a large U. S. bank
Thomson S. A. an electronics and aerospace company based in Paris France said it acquired the Nomad software product line from New York based Dun and Bradstreet Corporation
Much will depend on the behavior of the major computer makers
The accord ends weeks of takeover speculation surrounding the Dallas based owner of seven Eleven stores that had pushed Southland stock from about forty seven dollars a share to near seventy dollars
There was no immediate indication that the three bombings two at a train station and one at a bus terminal were linked to opposition activities
An S. B. A. spokeswoman says the agency will study the idea
Now the bank is working to ensure that its mistakes aren't repeated
The administration is pushing to allow the system's banks to compete in one another's districts and require that all of them recruit some outside directors
Rorer Group Incorporated said it applied to the Food and Drug Administration for approval to market Celectol a highly cardio selective beta blocker for long term use in controlling hypertension and angina
A Calcutta newspaper reported in nineteen eighty three that two hundred twenty five million rupees of Reliance shares supposedly bought by overseas Indians were in fact illegally held by nominee companies registered in the Isle of Man
But this is only a nineteen percent deficit
Chefs prefer microwaves he says
Mr. Wolper was chairman and executive producer of Liberty Weekend
In the meantime we've had some horrible fires
I'm not talking about a government investigation or laws plainly these are prohibited by the First Amendment
Ms. Friend of the flight attendants union complains that Mr. Tallent gave vague responses to questions about his goals
Legislators are now hearing from born in America citizens who have discovered that the immigration bill's reach affects them too
Last year the companies formed a joint venture to supply seats and other products to Diamond Star Motors the car making joint venture between Chrysler Corporation and Mitsubishi Motors Corporation of Japan
Capital shares are more highly leveraged and have greater voting rights in the event of liquidation
Health care education and other services have escaped the kind of competition from abroad that lately has helped boost U. S. manufacturing productivity the report said
That income can't be replaced easily now with interest rates so much lower today than they were several years ago he said
Court records list two Texas Democrats Representatives
Telemundo's president and chief executive officer Henry Silverman said the company will use proceeds together with two hundred fifty two million dollars in proceeds from previously announced sales of assets to retire debt to redeem preferred shares and expand its television network
He notes experiments in which animals were most efficient at converting feed to protein when given growth hormone injections only between the fifth and twelfth weeks of life
They ride an elevator up a two hundred twenty foot observation tower whose top is shaped like a sombrero and from which they have a great view of farms below
General Dynamics Corporation received a one hundred fifty five point four million dollar Navy contract for Phalanx shipboard air defense gun systems
Volume remained light ahead of the Fourth of July holiday weekend
Like similar so called poison pill plans adopted by other companies the rights allow shareholders to buy certain securities at a discount if someone buys twenty percent of the stock or begins a tender offer
The carrier said its June load factor or percentage of available seats filled declined to sixty one point six percent from sixty two point one percent in the year earlier period
Southland Corporation parent of the seven Eleven chain is trying to change that
Terms call for BellSouth to pay twenty million dollars in cash and another eleven point three million dollars in four annual installments
The company said it has the name of the alleged saboteur but said it won't reveal the name until the appropriate time in court
Negotiators for the two companies have met several times during the week to discuss the terms which include a stock swap and a plan for ending Robins's protracted Chapter eleven bankrupcty law proceedings
Mr. Goldstein among others has been expecting the inevitable slowdown in the industry that has seen assets increase seven fold since the start of the nineteen eighties
The department received thirty two point nine five billion dollars of bids for the bills
As the congressman representing the district where the Shoreham nuclear plant is located I disagree with Gerald Charnoff's proposals N. R. C. Rule Holds Power Plants Hostage editorial page May twenty eighth
Are we to believe that Mr. Meese a man happy with the shipments to the ayatollah and happy with the secret war in Nicaragua was somehow dismayed to find the former financing the latter
It's a surprising amount of strength considering the weakness in some parts of the economy and the increase in interest rates
Mr. McAdam also said Coats Viyella still expects to buy the thread and hand knitting businesses of Bonds Coats Patons for about sixty seven million dollars
My ultimate dream is to get married have children and let my businesses run themselves she adds lighting a cigarette
Some businessmen fear the growth of a strong trade union movement
The Emperor Concerto is performed July seventh Concertos Numbers one and four on July ninth. two thousand three hundred one North Highland Avenue two hundred thirteen eight hundred fifty to two thousand
Completion of Mr. Collier's A. E. transactions would have netted him roughly fifteen thousand pounds in profit Robin Auld the government's prosecutor said in court yesterday
In the face of overwhelming odds the reluctant Mr. Chun couldn't resist
Wages after all are a price
Financial Corporation didn't say how much it will add to loan loss reserves in the quarter
Right now we're concerned about the Fourth of July when it is usual for victims of automobile and other acccidents to crowd emergency facilities he said
In fact more big developing countries are at an impasse with creditors than in many years
And the day after the initial bid shares traded as high as fifty dollars and twenty five cents in anticipation of a sweetened offer
No distinct personality comes through just sheer competence
Indeed Chrysler's problems are far from over
In nineteen sixty three he wrote an article in the New Republic magazine challenging part of the proposed nineteen sixty four Civil Rights Act that would require desegregation of private facilities serving the public such as lunch counters and hotels
However it still is in negotiations to sell its biggest unprofitable business its jet aircraft engine division
Still Toshiba is an important brand
He also offered the company an alternative bid with the condition that he valued at two hundred twenty five million dollars including seventeen dollars in cash and five dollars and fifty cents in preferred stock for each Pay 'N Pak share
Genetics Institute Incorporated said it was issued a U. S. patent on erythropoietin a promising drug that controls the production of red blood cells
Inside the Pentagon Marines are viewed both as a proud elite and a paranoid minority
Last year he said only fifteen senators voted for such a fee
This was an increase from one hundred forty two thousand dollars paid Monday and one hundred ten thousand dollars a year ago
Great Adventure's concession to the future this season is relatively modest Sci Fi a one hundred fifty thousand dollar robot who chats with visitors at the ticket gate officials won't discuss plans for nineteen eighty eight
The hoopla around Home Shopping he continues has distracted investors from the fact that C. O. M. B. reaches more cable subscribers it claims seventeen million than does Home Shopping which says it reaches fourteen point nine million cable homes. Home Shopping says that in addition its broadcasting operations cover areas with a total population of twenty nine point eight million. What's more he argues that C. O. M. B.'s relations with cable operators are more stable than are Home Shopping's because C. O. M. B.'s contracts run longer
In other futures markets yesterday
He said Reece a Waltham Massachusetts based maker of industrial sewing machines hasn't implemented any anti takeover defenses or taken any other action with regard to Lawrie's purchases
A company official declined to comment further
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Cardis shares closed at two point eight seven five dollars down twelve point five cents
Mr. Clark had directed the Dallas bank unit with seven point three billion dollars in assets since nineteen eighty one
Mr. Saba added however that as head of the parent company of the Toshiba group I feel responsible for allowing such conditions to grow inside the corporate system
After taxes but before nonrecurring items Mercury reported full year earnings of sixty six point seven million pounds up twenty two percent from fifty four point six million pounds
His musical cradle was patented in one thousand eight hundred fifteen
The wines would do him proud too no doubt crisp white Chardonnays richly colored Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot from such wineries as Oakencroft Montdomaine Barboursville and Stonewall
The proceedings are being watched closely in the industry because it could set a precedent for other troubled independent television stations
FLEX TIME The I. R. S. experimented with varied hours for toll free telephone filing aid this year
As in Spain a major purpose of such legislation is based upon the premise that if you make it difficult enough for employers to lay off large groups of workers they will have little choice but to keep them on the payroll
Moreover because they flow into the federal treasury albeit into an Aviation Trust Fund spending on the system is controlled by Congress not by users
George Bush has done much to reconcile these two factions
Canadian dealers may think they are for sale but they're not said Michael Sanderson chairman of Merrill Lynch's Canadian unit
Arvin printed a special edition for her
Bondholders are getting the short end of the stick once again said Edward Labenski Junior a vice president and portfolio manager at Minneapolis based I. D. S. Advisory Group
Small businesses are getting hit right in the teeth
An E. P. A. spokesman said the agency hasn't yet reviewed the decision and had no immediate comment
The company added that it is continuing settlement discussions with the bank towards a mutually satisfactory resolution
Holders of the closely held concern yesterday acquired ninety four percent of United Siscoe Mines Incorporated a small mining company that they renamed Horsham Corporation in a transaction that left it holding about twenty three point five percent of American Barrick
The service industry is a fast growing entrepreneurial area that is in great demand
Already antibodies can be produced in the lab that can prevent tooth decay
Santa Fe Southern Pacific's stock rose sharply yesterday closing at fifty dollars up three dollars and seventy five cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Arrow said the amount of lost wages hasn't been determined but could be material to the company
In recent years G. M. has experienced a growth in inventories a drop in market share and a cost structure higher than its major domestic and foreign competitors
The powerful Creative Artists Agency recently held a get acquainted lunch to introduce Mr. Biondi to its top talent agents
At Montgomery Securities in San Francisco John W. Weiss who recommended purchasing Crazy Eddie when it was selling at twelve dollars a share last December says he no longer follows the company
It was lead manager on four billion dollars of issues in the first half compared with just four hundred ninety three million dollars a year earlier
Robert Maxwell chairman of British Printing and Communication Corporation said he was taking steps that would allow the company's stock to trade in the U. S.
The various proposals would severely dilute or eliminate the ownership interest of current shareholders
It's the end of the quarter people aren't going to buy now said Gerald Walsh an analyst at Refco Group Incorporated in New York
It's very exciting
A Marxist Mr. Machel had an initial strategy as president of obtaining aid from the Soviet Union including a Soviet crew and plane to serve as his presidential jet
There is evidence that Maputo's V. O. R. radio beacon rather than being overridden by a decoy was working just fine
The stock price had run up in recent weeks in anticipation of such news so yesterday's announcement came as no surprise traders said
Despite the market's relatively slack pace during the second quarter to become one of the top forty performers on the New York Stock Exchange the price of a company's stock had to gain close to forty percent
Mr. Wendt told the subcommittee though that the administration could work together with Congress on more moderate legislative remedies that would leave President Reagan room to manuever in negotiating stronger cooperation with U. S. allies
In response to Frederick Kempe's June twenty second editorial page article How to End the Gulf's Tanker War The sudden renewed interest in the Iraq Iran War is a welcome change from more than six years of dismissing the conflict as a local containable clash between neighbors
At SmithKline Beckman Corporation ninety one percent of the workers at its Philadelphia headquarters indicated in a survey they expect to remain at least five more years
The recorders cost about two hundred thousand yen one thousand four hundred dollars so only well heeled audiophiles can afford the machines
Deputy Secretary of State John Whitehead told the Budget Committee that the administration is reviewing Mr. Schlesinger's recommendations as well as other suggestions that have surfaced since the scandal about security breaches at the Moscow embassy erupted
Moreover officials say the partnerships create huge problems for the I. R. S. which must collect taxes from thousands of partners rather than directly from a corporation
The Conrail reply is that if raising the rates for piggyback drives that business away bulk shippers could end up with even higher rates because rail overhead costs would be spread among fewer shippers
Without missing a beat she pretended to fork over the money
The government escorts climb back into their jeep
The first action would signal a commitment to halt the dollar's long slide he says the latter would indicate a willingness to reduce the budget deficit
There is nostalgia for the legendary Eva Evita Peron the charismatic wife of dictator Juan Peron for the great racing driver Manuel Fangio and for the times sixty years ago when Argentina last had a dynamic ruling class and amassed wealth from its beef and other agricultural exports
S. N. L. Financial Corporation initial offering of one million Class A common shares via Blunt Ellis and Loewi Incorporated
Kaydon makes custom engineered products such as bearings and filters
Carolco said it would exchange two point two million newly issued shares for Orbis within the next sixty days
It was not incorporated into the Spanish or English language along with other Nahuatl words such as tomate and chocolate simply because there were lechuzas in Europe but no tomates or chocolate
If any one of the ten went sour net worth disappeared the proprietors shut up shop turned the problem over to F. S. L. I. C. and went off to start a new S. and L.
The reason Senator Biden referred to twenty five years ago is that this was just about when the Warren court was hitting its stride
It has lost its purpose as a public project a developer close to the plan says
Mr. Grimes's projections also exclude two million dollars a year that E. S. P. N. will pay to local operators from the sale of N. F. L. rights to over the air stations in the participating teams' markets each week
In the first quarter B. S. N. showed a loss of five hundred eighty one thousand dollars and revenue of about twenty million dollars compared with net income of seventy five thousand dollars or two cents a share and revenue of ten million dollars a year earlier
After all if elected Senator Gore would be the youngest president in American history
Fleming who spent six months as a fugitive was deported to London from Miami in March
Justice John Stevens said there was no need to throw out the nineteen sixty nine precedent because the crimes were sufficiently service related to be handled in a court martial
The nineteen eighty eight earnings the source said will be boosted by cost savings at the managerial level right away and by reducing other costs
There's no question about it integrity is wounded a little
Unless the company rescinds the implementation there is going to be a strike John Krieger a union spokesman said
But so far NWIB hasn't distinguished itself
The point of all this is that improvements in procedure at the F. D. A. can very likely result in getting very badly needed new drugs and biologics to patients in serious and life threatening situations
Current plans are to spin off the import stores in mid nineteen eighty nine and spin off its Lee Wards crafts stores in late nineteen eighty eight
Other dealers argued that the coupon was too low and questioned whether the single A three credit rating on G. T. E. bonds outstanding would discourage sales by credit conscious banks in West Germany where nearly two thirds of Australian dollar issues currently flow
Many Japan scholars believe a new crop of Americans who speak Japanese understand the culture and have some work experience here will help American industries compete
The house that he designed for his mother in suburban Chestnut Hill in the nineteen sixties for example helped to usher in postmodernism with its historical allusion its applied ornament and the intricate layering of its interior spaces
On one recent weekend some windows were broken and three calculators taken
But the dollar's drop against the pound boosted London shares
He estimates that the value of his stock portfolio has risen thirty percent to eight hundred thousand dollars this year a rate that is slightly outperforming the Standard and Poor five hundred index
With such economic factors expected to damp development in coming months developers and trade associations fear that actions by local governments might make life even more difficult
Subsidiaries sprouted including a tanker company to control the global movement of Kuwaiti oil
Even the Navy concedes that the damaging attack on the U. S. S. Stark last month was the result of officer incompetence not the ship's incapability to defend itself
In April nineteen eighty five the New England Journal of Medicine presented the evidence of T. P. A.'s efficacy in helping victims of acute myocardial infarction in a report on the National Institute of Health's thirteen center T. I. M. I. trials
I. T. T. is subject to fines of as much as five hundred thirty thousand dollars
Lorimar said it agreed in principle to sell three T. V. stations KMID in Midland Odessa Texas KSPR in Springfield Missouri and KCPM in Chico Redding California to a company formed by several investors including Joe Goldfarb a member of the office of the president of its Lorimar Broadcasting subsidiary
Nevertheless the state has severely restricted us in using our assets as we see fit and we cannot expect compensation for this partial but substantial taking
At the time I didn't know what he meant
The company said a unit of Joy Technologies Incorporated the new private company already owns about ninety four point three percent of the common shares of Joy Manufacturing which was purchased in February pursuant to a tender offer at thirty five dollars a share
Hallwood said that almost two thirds of its BancTexas shares will be distributed to stockholders in the distribution at the end of its fiscal fourth quarter
But in Columbia's case it was a chance to identify an imitator and pursue a lawsuit he said
And I don't see that there's anything to be accomplished by a restructuring he said
A Wickes spokesman declined to disclose the units' sales for last year
In the highly publicized Frank Rizzo case he argued that the mayor's recall was unconstitutional and won the case in Pennsylvania's Supreme Court
The increase to reserves consisted of sixty three point five million dollars related to international loans mainly for Mexico and Brazil and fourteen point six million dollars related to its domestic loan portfolio
At the moment we are having a moderate El Nino which does not bode well for West African cocoa output he said
The Treasury accepted fifty seven percent of the bids it received at the highest yield
Dainippon said that among other things its offer is conditioned on Reichhold directors redeeming the associated preferred stock purchase rights issued after it adopted its anti takeover plan in April or otherwise having the rights be declared invalid
A ban on overtime work and a campaign of working strictly to the letter of collective bargaining agreements will continue he said
The move endorsed Poehl's emphasis on coordinating currency and interest rate policies with major allies
STATESIDE PRODUCTION gains favor with more manufacturers
Died Jackie Gleason seventy one actor and comedian in Fort Lauderdale Florida of cancer
The Centers for Disease Control C. D. C. in Atlanta puts AIDS cases involving those who claimed prostitute contact into its undetermined category which also includes cases where the victim died before being interviewed or refused to be interviewed
It wasn't registered with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission
All the men got together and went into a spasm of cooking for three days before the event
Under the agreement Valin Pollen could pay as much as one hundred fourteen point six million dollars if Carter's pre tax profit meets certain targets in the next three fiscal years
Mr. Friedman is a senior research fellow at the Hoover Institution
But in Canada says the Fraser Institute of Vancouver Tax Freedom Day arrives next Saturday
Representative Dorgan's bill would establish that certain contacts within a state including solicitation by mail or use of telecommunications systems are enough to trigger the sales tax
Among the young formal marriages are distinctly out of fashion
Some city leaders concede that developers have taken precautions but increasingly they feel that stricter laws and stronger enforcement are needed
The Louisiana law was of course silly though not particularly more silly than the notion that the Constitution's prohibitions on establishment of religion entitle nine justices in Washington to strike down laws by passing judgment on whether legislators are moved by religious motives
That refreshes you and gives you new perspective
For much of the past decade both the venture capital and the over the counter stock markets here basked in the brilliance of such young locally based high tech stars as supercomputer maker Cray Research Incorporated and heart valve producer Saint Jude Medical Incorporated
David Tepper a trader of fixed income securities at Goldman Sachs and Company said the new package of securities is better for holders and would have a market value of about six hundred dollars
Mr. Suter said he was attracted by the opportunity to become Firestone's next chairman and chief executive
New World a filmmaker television producer and comic book maker doesn't comment on its investments a spokesman said declining to say whether it has already purchased Kenner shares
The commercials ran at least sixty times on Los Angeles and San Diego stations in the final hours before the election
After considering the offer Mr. McKinley says he decided to reject any assistance
Mr. Macke told the Minnesota lawmakers yesterday that when he turned down Dart's proposal to buy the whole company they countered that they remain interested
Altogether the Navy wants to spend one point seven billion dollars researching submarine warfare in fiscal nineteen eighty eight which begins next October
Edith Reich formerly a foreign trade representative for Dayco Corporation was sentenced to four months in prison for defrauding the company of more than twelve million dollars in fake commissions
Otherwise Morgan Stanley must prepare proxies and go to shareholders for approval which could take as long as three months
The rally held in London trading but began to fade here in another day of very light activity
Despite the flurry of U. S. diplomacy Secretary of State George Shultz insists that South Korea's fate is in Korean hands
It's just a minor refinement
The ruling comes as many pipelines are facing decisions on whether to carry gas under the commission's open access program and it left gas industry lawyers uncertain about the future of that program
Ira A. Eichner chairman and chief executive officer said A. A. R. estimates net income for the quarter of about four point four million dollars or forty two cents a share compared with three point three million dollars or thirty six cents a share a year earlier
A federal appeals court reversed three Interstate Commerce Commission decisions under which Burlington Northern Incorporated was permitted to buy six trucking companies without first receiving government approval
Today we don't have sufficient visibility to give to the public reliable earnings forecasts
I. B. M. hasn't decided when it will stop making its popular A. T. slash three hundred thirty nine model which continues to sell in large volume
In New York Everett Groseclose managing editor of the Dow Jones News Service characterized the entire incident as unfortunate
The reason hasn't been determined
The Federal Home Loan Bank of New York said its reporting member thrifts closed three point two billion dollars of home mortgage loans in the first quarter
In this rancorous debate the House Armed Services Committee weighed in with recommendations for an even more adversarial relationship between the military and contractors
Gamblers who don't want to travel to the track where the day's race is being held can go to the other track to watch the proceedings on sixty six by twenty foot T. V. screens
They tend to confuse however differences to be respected because they may be essential to national sovereignty or identity and differences exploited for economic advantage
They probably think rightly or wrongly they are defending the interests of their citizens as producers who would be hurt in competition with Americans if the dollar declined further
On the Vietnamese side fifteen thousand people from three border villages mostly old men women and children have been resettled away from danger
But the entrepreneur's role after the sale can cause problems
But Mr. Krupp notes that this year's spending pattern will be the reverse of nineteen eighty six when outlays began high and then declined
The one of elation is a kind of swelling errRRAW
That decision was a welcome recognition of media reality
Mr. Beggs joins former Labor Department chief Ray Donovan as the most recent Reagan officials forced to endure years long investigations before being cleared
Still the stories go down smoothly and you'll forget them fifteen minutes after you've finished
Mr. Fluetsch who resigned in nineteen eighty four says I don't imagine that there would have been many loans made on that basis but he declines further comment
It soon became clear that the national booking systems in Europe weren't competitive
Mr. Gaubert is a major fund raiser for Democratic candidates nationwide
Adds a person close to Mr. Trump We thought probate court was the last obstacle
The worker has appealed
Chairman H. B. Atwater said the dividend increase reflects the company's improved earnings and excellent future prospects which include benefits from tax reform for consumer products companies
Currently jewelry manufacturing accounts for about sixty five percent of Town and Country's revenue
In the medical care facilities division which consists mostly of hospitals pre tax profit in the latest quarter fell to about ninety three million dollars from about one hundred three million dollars a year earlier as admissions to Humana hospitals dropped two point nine percent
Governor Orr agrees arguing that the package is performance based To get something a company must first invest something
The real risk on the downside now is recession not inflation
I'll probably go to jail before I go to one of those small towns
The metaphysically inclined will experience recurring deja vu
Imperial has agreed to sell the specialty chemicals business of Stauffer Chemical to Akzo America a unit of a Dutch chemical company Akzo N. V. for six hundred twenty five million dollars
Analysts believe Ford which is in the midst of buying forty five million of its two hundred sixty million shares outstanding may expand the program and buy twenty million to forty five million additional shares
If it's a fictional story it has to be feasible adds Mr. Baruch whose office worked on The Right Stuff Hanoi Hilton The Great Santini Hamburger Hill and Biloxi Blues
Akzo agreed to buy the specialtychemical business of Stauffer Chemical from I. C. I. for six hundred twenty five million dollars
Its preference series had fallen to sixteen point one two five dollars from eighteen point eight seven five dollars while preferred stock dropped to seventy three dollars from eighty seven point three seven five dollars
Bausch and Lomb also makes contact lenses optical accessories and scientific instruments
The group said it purchased the American Physicians shares for capital appreciation and may buy or sell additional shares in the future depending on market conditions and other factors
Still the Steadman ratios are far above the average expense ratio which is less than one percent at large funds and about one point five percent at funds with assets under twenty five million dollars according to Lipper's figures
He also said talks concerning a sale of major assets aren't in progress
But that's not enough to abandon the old Victoria de los Angeles recording with Nicolai Gedda
Time M. C. A. and Gulf and Western had held on again off again talks during the past year regarding the restructuring of their partnership
But a lawsuit could run into a host of problems including how to interpret the desires of directors of black and white films who are long since dead
Last year the bank also computed the interest due on my son's account at less than the account's guaranteed rate
In the past few weeks however Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney has begun to provide what the voters of a large and important country expect from the people they elect acts of leadership
All the bonds will be dated July first with interest rates on the securities announced Wednesday
Some are skeptical that the current foreign interest will push the index beyond that barrier
Using a plan known as mixed funding the government's share will be as much as twenty one percent or nine point one million dollars of the cost of cleaning up the site near Galveston
Unocal said its decision not to pursue so called fluidized bed combustion technology stemmed mainly from an unexpectedly high cost projection of more than three hundred fifty two million dollars to build the new system
Production at the plant which makes soap and detergent among other products will be shifted to other P. and G. plants
People familiar with the negotiations said Mr. Gray and Lawrence White currently the only other member of the Bank Board met Friday with staff members to discuss the proposals
In the U. S. in nineteen seventy nine the Federal Reserve under new chairman Paul Volcker edged toward monetarism by saying that henceforth it would pay more attention to the money supply and less to interest rates
The behind the scenes controversy focused on testimony written by Central Intelligence Agency and White House officials for former C. I. A. Director William Casey to be delivered to House and Senate Intelligence Committees last November twenty first as the scandal was starting to unfold in public
But whether more than a small minority of American woman will wear it remains doubtful
Ecogen Incorporated Langhorn Pennsylvania began trading under the symbol ECN
Many business and professional groups which opposed the measure from the start have declared war on the legislation
The sixty eight year old Mr. Warner charged with aiding a conspiracy to defraud Home State's depositors faced a maximum of ninety years in prison had he been convicted
The funds rate is the rate on reserves that banks lend each other overnight
But he notes that common stock sales account for less than a third of all capital gains
Mr. Chung and his co workers believe that Mr. Roh will soon meet with opposition leaders but he believes the student protests will continue and eventually the government will crack down
Greyhound said it asked the I. C. C. which must consider the competitive effects of merging the two closely held companies' bus operations to approve the acquisition immediately calling it the only alternative to Trailways' filing for bankruptcy law protection
Sainsbury Britain's largest supermarket operator is joining a lengthening parade of British companies seeking growth in the U. S. but it has chosen a cautious route
Sithe which specializes in hydroelectric power previously held two hundred twenty five thousand shares or four point nine percent of Energy Factors
A few Northrop employees had shown the investigators eighty boxes of M. X. project parts that they had retrieved from dumpsters part of between twenty thousand and thirty thousand apparently excess parts paid for by the Air Force that the employees claim Northrop threw out
An internal investigation is looking into the other claims
The adjacent tables show the Big Board and Amex issues in which a short interest position of at least one hundred thousand shares existed as of mid June or in which there was a change in short interest of at least fifty thousand shares since mid May
At Bankers Trust Company Jay Pomrenze managing director for foreign exchange argues that the downtrend for the dollar is still intact
We must stop borrowing and start repaying the nation's debt the minister said
Oil imports are expected to top fifty percent of the U. S. supply between nineteen ninety and nineteen ninety five
Most leading cadres at all levels were too old several years ago the sixty seven year old premier said
If Hogan had prevailed he'd have been the tourney's only five time winner
The issue that U. S. and foreign governments face now is whether to impose new restrictions on emissions or to wait a few more years for scientific research to reduce some of the uncertainties
But he felt we weren't going in the same direction
It's the same old chauvinism
Ms. Kwong is an Earhart Fellow at the Political Economy Research Center in Bozeman Montana
THE MOST PUZZLING part of trying to prolong freshness is figuring out exactly how and why different types of produce age
Young is a unit of Service Resources Corporation a financial printing and related services company
He succeeds Harry Matte fifty five
Over lunch at La Cote Basque in New York he told me he'd really like to see the book do well says Mr. Riggio
Messrs.
But more than half said it's too early to estimate the impact of the crash thirty one percent expect no change and six percent think their business will increase
Equally devastating is the role that Lafeyette's school plays in his life
Complex machinery to replace them would cost too much and wouldn't provide the necessary flexibility
They switch jobs periodically so they don't get bored
For one thing the pro Libyan record has hurt the vital tourist industry and affected the country's reputation as a safe tax haven
The two sides declined to comment during the weekend on the progress of their negotiations
A decree issued last Thursday gives the central bank greater independence and firmer control of the money supply as of January first
Its finding is expected to be endorsed by a plenary session of G. A. T. T. early this week
According to the filing the group holds the stock for investment purposes and may buy more shares or sell some in the future
Already college students are asking for promo materials to throw Jacko parties
Only Ed Meese is left from the original Reaganite coterie which explains the increasingly neurotic attacks on him
In downtown stores and suburban shopping malls across the country many consumers displayed caution buying gifts and shoppers appeared to be using credit cards less often buying more traditional gifts and holding themselves to budgets
It's like having one last drink
Barclays North American Capital Corporation a unit of Barclays Bank P. L. C. shelf offering of eight hundred million dollars of debt securities on terms to be set at the time of sale
THE IDEA is encountering strong resistance though
The yield on the latest thirty year Treasury issue climbed to nine point one seven percent as of late Friday from nine point oh six percent Thursday and eight point eight five percent as recently as November twentieth
Since that December nineteen seventy nine day when thousands of Soviet troops crossed into this country bombardment has become a regular feature of the Afghan landscape sometimes two three or four times a day
But we have a trusteeship to hand to the next generation running this firm a better share so that they make a longer term commitment to public accounting
While the stock was once a highflyer with an astronomical price earnings ratio of over two hundred times earnings the company was largely dependent on one big customer Manufacturers Hanover Corporation which accounted for most of its revenue
First Interstate Bancorp the Big Board's most active issue Friday held steady at forty one and five eighths
The rebels are trying to end a nearly eight year occupation of Afghanistan by Soviet troops
At the unit Mr. Conway forty nine succeeds James T. Dolan Junior sixty one who continues as chairman and chief executive officer of the parent
Mr. Napier says Japan's expanding domestic economy will continue to support share prices but he adds that if the U. S. went into another tailspin yes Japan is vulnerable
Your article sees only the unrest in my country without appreciating the fact that it is all part of a political transition
But Mr. Madelin said yesterday that the bill which was proposed several months ago is ready to be submitted to the Council of State a legal watchdog body and should be sent to parliament for a vote before the end of the year
The momentum is fairly strong
The reason they say is that second glass ceiling
As of September thirtieth equity mutual funds totaled two hundred thirty three point four billion dollars in assets
A Chair of Humor has been suggested for several universities
The company last paid a five cent quarterly dividend in August
He said the company also would move closer to opening the plant if protectionist legislation is approved in the U. S. that would curb Volvo's shipments
A Sony America spokesman at the company's headquarters in Park Ridge N. J. said some finished T. V. sets may be exported to Japan beginning in nineteen eighty nine
He criticized as totally absurd the view that Bonn is following an essentially deflationary course by trying to keep its deficit down
Then his team will bombard the protein with X. rays to determine its structure
A state that increases the cost of doing business by institutionalizing legal uncertainty is a state in danger of losing business
And even greatly increased influence in Washington for the nation's entrepreneurs still isn't likely to match that garnered by the chairman of a Fortune five hundred company when he walks into a congressman's office says Eddie Mahe a Republican political consultant
He argues that there should be federal funds given to the states in order to centralize responsibility
The International Longshoremen's Association signed a five year contract with Crowley Maritime Corporation ending the carrier's longtime refusal to employ I. L. A. members
At the end of its fiscal second quarter ended July thirty first Braniff had about fifty three million dollars in cash but a spokesman said the figure has increased significantly in the past few months
Mr. Wertz's remarks made without official sanction put new pressure on the dollar amid fears that West Germany might refrain from further moves to stoke its economy and stabilize currency markets
Under terms of the agreement Mr. Clore's group agreed to pay the banks twenty percent of the proceeds from the sale of the KaiserTech shares greater than twelve dollars a share
They include a hiring freeze a freeze on salaries below twenty five thousand dollars and suspension of corporate contributions to employee savings plans
Up and down the coast communities are adopting measures to restrict growth
For fiscal nineteen eighty seven earnings were twenty three point eight million dollars or ninety three cents a share on revenue of one hundred seventy six point two million dollars
That gets them known as garbalogists
But skeptics say real international regulatory cooperation is a pipe dream
That won't last long
Specialists tend to lump the two variations together under the label of single room maternity care
We have to spend some time detoxing them and getting them back to reality
In nineteen eighty six the airline incurred a loss of two hundred fifty two million marks one hundred fifty point four million dollars on its regularly scheduled flights but it posted net income of sixty four million marks because of results from charter flights and because of investment earnings
Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated's index of long term Treasury bonds dropped about seven and three quarters points following Tuesday's decline of thirteen point five two points
In another case officials say counterintelligence agents caught up with a crewman who flew Air Force S. R. seventy one spy planes before he delivered top secret information about the planes and their missions
Brazil's debt agreement with foreign banks was backed by Britain's two biggest banks ending speculation they would block the disputed plan
Virginia's stump dump problem illustrates the issue of identifying maximum limits to the benefits of regulation
And increasingly executives from overseas head offices have been taking a higher profile role in managing the streamlined units here
The figures are provisional and aren't seasonally adjusted
Finally we learn that politicians of every persuasion from the British Labor Party to the Republican administration in Washington will continue to seek to evade the consequences when it is perfectly clear that the game is up
The Dodge index which uses nineteen eighty two as a base of one hundred in measuring construction activity rose to one hundred sixty six in October from one hundred fifty seven in September on a seasonally adjusted basis
How is their country to endure these cruel storms that beset it from without and from within
In this respect he has inadvertently vindicated Mr. Barnes in one of his deepest prejudices his belief that people who are fundamentally ignorant about art should not be encouraged to write about it
Really Useful's expansion is in part designed to assuage such doubts
But Mrs. Merrick says when she told them their grandchildren couldn't join until complete documentation was submitted for every generation many exploded
If the general public that has to pay for government fails to see a distinction between the two parties then the public's vote is divided and we lose
We can't let up on the cost cutting drive he added
The agreement also could help Allied Lyons fend off hostile bidders
Fed officials remain reluctant to talk publicly about the secret effort
Most of the stuff was donated to the city when Expo sixty seven ended and the international pavilions were dismantled
What the area needs is some kind of Marshall Plan to boost the economy
The flight attendants would also get a one time bonus averaging more than six hundred dollars for its members
We like to be able to sell at least some of our debt quickly and discreetly Wayland F. Blood treasurer at Ford Motor Credit said
Echoing a recent statement by U. S. Treasury Secretary James Baker Mr. Kohl said a meeting of the Group of Seven nations would make sense only if there is a strong outlook for success
They will collaborate but I spoke to Professor Montagnier this afternoon and he didn't say anything about relocating
Those losses include Pillsbury Company's two hundred million dollar Burger King Corporation account one hundred million dollars of Ford Motor Company business in Europe and a dozen smaller accounts the most recent of which were Sears Roebuck and Company's Discover Card and Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company
A DEBT SADDLED farmer turned his farm and equipment over to the F. M. H. A. to settle a one hundred twenty two thousand six hundred twenty three dollar loan
The department also said that the after tax profits of U. S. corporations rose a brisk five point two percent in the third quarter the biggest jump since a six point five percent increase in the third quarter of nineteen eighty six
The company had paid a ten cents a share quarterly when dividends were suspended
We're very pleased that we have this development
Also worrisome to the bond market was a sharp rise in commodity prices
Wardair Incorporated said it expects to sell three D. C. ten to thirty aircraft next year resulting in a gain of about sixty million Canadian dollars forty five point seven million dollars
From late August to October nineteenth the industrials fell about thirty five percent
N. B. C. meanwhile wants C. N. N. too and executives say an N. B. C. Turner transaction could founder on a clash between Time and N. B. C. over who gets the news channel
The Last Emperor is director Bernardo Bertolucci's lyrically claustrophobic vision of Pu Yi's life
Irving Bank Corporation facing a hostile bid from Bank of New York Company adopted a package of generous severance benefits or golden parachutes for all ten thousand two hundred employees
Also at that meeting Geoffrey Lurie resigned as chairman chief executive and president of the discount store chain
American Express Travel Related Services Company said it will replace or refund any retail item from a cup to a car that is lost or stolen within ninety days of being charged
The Color of Blood opens fast and maintains a rapid pace so rapid that minor characters are given short shrift and a few scenes are so tersely presented that they seem almost outlines of scenes albeit gracefully written
Perhaps the rarest autograph in the show is a hastily scrawled page from Shelley's The Triumph of Life lent by the Bodleian Library Oxford
Library collections are the front line of our nation's information and educational system
Even outside OPEC accurate tabulations of oil production are at best difficult
See Abreast of the Market Stock Prices Decline in Tandem With Prospects for Budget Pact W. S. J. November twentieth nineteen eighty seven
Drawing heavily on the views of its own bank supervisors it concluded it would indeed be possible to protect strictly banking operations at the same time it allowed banks to engage in other activities
Preserving this church is a way for us to once again establish a connection with our tribal elders to preserve the traditions of our pueblo says Mr. Tsosie of Picuris
Legal issues were so thorny in the Chrysler case that the company had to clear the ads with the lawyer prosecuting the case so that the company wouldn't be accused of trying to influence potential jurors by generating good will
We will vote yes says Mrs. Sawicka
It had to be fed
Mr. Olsen has a home in Connecticut which is part of the New York Fed district
Last week we were twenty five percent above plan
The two companies own nine cable television systems in Ohio and Virginia
These trends developed during October but the one clearly new thing was a set of proposals in Representative Dan Rostenkowski's Ways and Means Committee
Racial tension a fact of life in Clapham since a riot in a nearby neighborhood in the early nineteen eighties is growing worse
Europe's concerns over the Soviet edge in conventional forces remain unaddressed
What has happened up to now after the October crash is that the precious metals market has been trying to decide whether we're going into a deflationary or inflationary market said Rajiv Sharma president of Serco Investments Incorporated a Larkspur California money manager
Activity was light in the new issue arena
However sources close to the bidding process said the management group and the Railway Labor union had increased their offers
The Bolger group has solicited enough proxies for a special shareholder meeting December fifteenth when it hopes to oust the current board
But as protectionist sentiment rises in the U. S. Mr. Delfin thinks the promise of profit and an improved corporate image will prove persuasive
Dollar one hundred thirty four point seven eight yen off zero point seven seven one point six seven three seven marks off zero point zero zero eight eight
President Reagan should draw a line in the sand
Following a late Sunday night meeting of Hutton executives directors and investment bankers Hutton's chief executive officer Robert P. Rittereiser telephoned Peter A. Cohen chairman of Shearson and invited Shearson to take a look at acquiring Hutton people familiar with Hutton's situation said
The contract electronics maker anticipates net of four hundred seventy thousand dollars to four hundred ninety five thousand dollars for the quarter or about seventeen cents a share compared with the year earlier net of two hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred fifteen dollars or seven cents a share
In nineteen fifty nine he went to work as an organizer for the predecessor to New York's United Federation of Teachers now the AFT's biggest local
He pleaded guilty to a single felony conspiracy count and awaits sentencing
That was six days after Monsanto said it had finished a three million share buy back launched in January and announced another one for five million shares
Many of the Westmoreland plant's problems had to do with its products which proved unworthy successors to the legendary Beetle the car that made V. W. the first foreign auto maker to become a force in the U. S. market
The Italian government approved a commercial credit granted by FIAT COMPANY to Poland enabling the auto maker to proceed with its project to produce small cars in the Eastern European nation
As the town proposed the foundation disposed
Orders on hand at Hong Kong's two hundred largest manufacturers rose two percent in September from a year earlier and were unchanged from August the government said
The world's markets want freer trade and a stable dollar not an almighty won
Chrysler Corporation's Canadian unit said it will resume production today of its new Eagle Premier car at the Bramalea Ontario assembly plant
For some an easing of coercion brought about by liberalization is a good enough excuse to work less than in the past
George Shultz and Eduard Shevardnadze will be working together in Geneva today to get gift wrap and ribbon around all the awkward verification problems sticking out of their I. N. F. treaty
As everyone knows the one truly great American art form the fullest flowering of our culture is the sitcom
Continental also has been expanding its film services business which accounted for twenty seven million dollars of revenue in the latest nine months up fourteen percent Mr. Bourland said
The resignations largely defused a political confrontation over the minority Labor government's backing of Statoil's nine member board and its president of the past fifteen years Arve Johnsen
Ford the only U. S. auto maker whose sales are up from last year until now had resisted such price reductions
Unlike his immediate predecessor the brilliant and reclusive John Opel Mr. Akers is a facile speaker who also moves easily among workers a characteristic that enables him to rally both management and the rank and file
Demand was good for last Friday's twenty billion yen one hundred forty eight million dollars five year issue by the Mortgage Bank and Financial Administration Agency of Denmark
That is less than half the growth rate of the prior decade and is dwarfed by the eight point eight percent growth rate expected for minicomputers and the fourteen percent annual increases forecast for personal computers
You can't make a deal in the press
Incidentally a new study from the Agriculture Department warns that eliminating all current ethanol production over the next five years would cost ten thousand five hundred rural jobs cut corn prices by sixteen cents a bushel idle three million acres of farmland and raise farm costs by more than one billion dollars
The major reason The best Mexican refrigerator was only as good as a Mexican made ventilator an important two dollars part that lets heat escape from the motor
The telecommunications company said that if the conversion price of the Class B. shares is reset below four dollars and twenty five cents a share the extra shares to be issued will be deducted from the one hundred million common shares to be issued to the investor group headed by New York investor Bennett S. LeBow
Brunei officials believe the plea will increase pressure on the father to reach a financial settlement with the Brunei government
The company is working with the Navy to fix the engines by early next year
Control Laser International Corporation said it revised downward its third quarter figures to reflect its previously reported settlement with Patlex Corporation and an additional loss provision on an asset sale
Undeterred by the Groovy fiasco the crowd creates another odds on choice local heroine Infinidad at three and one half to five
Friday he gave his consent to a deficit cutting agreement remarkably similar to the one he had rejected the previous week
About eight point four billion dollars in savings in each of the two years are to come from fees charged to users of certain federal programs increased enforcement of existing tax laws and sales of federal assets
So in theory it should push the dollar down Mr. Morrison says
Many firms are also scrutinizing every expense voucher forbidding first class air fare and sharply limiting entertainment expenses
Sporadic violence was reported throughout the country the second day of a forty eight hour general strike
The provision included in both the House and the Senate committee bills would raise nearly one point eight billion dollars in this fiscal year
I think the more well managed venture funds there are the more deals there are that will get done says Philadelphia Venture Management's Mr. Aikman
It would be reassuring to see less rock throwing and more discussion
Analysts said the results were in line with expectations and meant that a slight increase in full year profit is likely
On the front page under a picture of our smiling ruler was written It is sinful to speak evil of the Government
The changes in railroad regulation contained in the Luken bill are fundamental and drastic
Within weeks Newell officials announced plans to close the facility
But James Vintcent twenty eight a trader of gilts U. K. government bonds is eager to get some colleagues together to see Serious Money a second time
Also since the French and Italian cinema are not now at a high point this is a great time for the Soviets to bring forth their best productions and their best people to become a major impetus in the international film market
As for C. B. S. its debt and preferred stock ratings were placed on Standard and Poor's CreditWatch list with positive implications
Currently the savings and loan holding company has three million sixty eight thousand one hundred sixty seven shares outstanding
Possibly so
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday Bell and Howell's common soared five dollars a share to close at sixty five dollars and twenty five cents
But more broadly the proposed program for the elderly may be a model for other social measures because of its innovative provisions dealing with costs
The appointments fill two vacancies and add a director increasing board membership to thirteen
But opposition parties were so upset by the government's decision to allow the currency to collapse that they didn't even want to hear what Mr. Petricioli had to say
This will help Gillette approach its more mature markets Europe and North America in a more cohesive manner but I don't believe this to be of any immediate significance to the momentum and direction of the company
In addition it said that the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers accepted the new flexible wage scale
As previously reported shareholders of Shawmut will receive one point eight shares of the new company's stock for each share of Shawmut and Hartford National shareholders will receive one share of the new company's stock for each share of Hartford National stock
The company makes water treatment equipment
Revenue rose to two point two eight billion dollars a record for any quarter from one point nine three billion dollars
That makes it ideal for railroads to handle
If it were true it would be regrettable and we would definitely contact and encourage them to continue with their interest Ms. Brennan said
Copper futures prices rose sharply despite increased margin requirements
The creditors plan to seek bankruptcy court permission to file a reorganization plan for Texaco and may file a plan as early as next week say individuals familiar with the proceedings
The industry has reacted properly to the situation says Louis Smith president of the FAPA. They've opened the window wider
During the industry's last major depression Halliburton sold for one point one to one point six times book and yielded four point seven percent to six point eight percent
The Commerce Department charged Sara Lee Corporation with violations of an anti boycott law that could make the giant food and consumer product manufacturer liable for fines totaling as much as two point four million dollars
Proposed changes to trade legislation pending in Congress could pave the way for a major new Japanese expansion on Wall Street
He was to become the agency's point man in dealing with the developing crisis
Because each point represents about five in the industrial average the rally was the equivalent of a lightning like three hundred sixty point rise in the Dow
The Nikkei index of two hundred twenty five selected stocks which rose a bullish three hundred ninety point two one points Wednesday retreated in afternoon trading falling sixty five point six nine to close at twenty two thousand six hundred sixty eight point eight oh
The administration suspended aid in July to demonstrate unhappiness with General Noriega's control of the government
When has anyone heard Ralph Nader praise capitalism for bringing to Americans a wealth of products and services at incredibly low prices
I think the whole chemical industry has been treated shabbily
Representative Rostenkowski D. Illinois said he wouldn't agree to giving President Reagan approval over each item in whatever tax bill is negotiated as the White House has indicated it wants
That being the case future presidents would be well advised to take a deep breath and resolve to deal with the fact of life that today's congressmen believe that foreign affairs are part of their portfolio
Last year's net loss after extraordinary items tax and interest charges totaled eight hundred ninety two point one million pounds
Gordon Jewelry Corporation said it is making a tender offer for as many as two million shares of its Class A common for fifteen dollars a share
Even in retrospect Mr. Leeb says The signs of a crash were simply not there
Major reforms in Social Security can't be ducked indefinitely
How big it is depends on how capable they are of developing the international market
The backing of Senator Garn and the Federal Reserve governors lends momentum to Senator Proxmire's attempt to get the legislation moving
Mr. Antoniu was able to hire executives with experience in sporting goods retailing and he himself often worked eighteen hour days
WITH CHRISTMAS just around the corner marketers are fretting about how big a toll the stock market crash will take on consumer spending
Airlines will fly about four hundred fifty million customers this year up from two hundred seventy eight million in nineteen seventy eight
A spokesman for El Paso Electric said We're very disappointed that they've taken this action
The answer has to be yes he said but having said that I feel very strongly it should be taken off the table
Among other things the federal agency will probably require farmers to use special equipment to prevent exposure to the chemical and to take a special training course
Mr. Simmons declined to forecast nineteen eighty eight sales and earnings but said several factors bode well for the steelmaker next year
It didn't disclose specific complaints
But businesses especially small ones despise the proposal arguing that they can't absorb the cost
Mr. Bradt announced the plans to pursue a merger first at his first news conference in March
So too is the auto maker's new incentive program which includes a cash rebate of seven hundred seventy dollars in addition to discount financing as low as seven point seven percent on certain nineteen eighty seven model cars and trucks
An additional eleven point three million dollars was paid by the Contras for arms two million dollars came from Taiwan one point nine million dollars including the funds from the Channell operation came from private donors and one point two million dollars came from the sale of arms to the C. I. A.
Mr. Maxwell notes that he owns the building with the heliport the only one in central London
Without admitting or denying the allegations all but Mr. Edmundson agreed to comply with orders against any violations in the future
These properties represent a very optimistic view of the economic future says Ronald Letterman of American Express Travel Services
The figure represents an increase over the bank holding concern's previous buy back authorization which a spokesman said currently allows the purchase of some six hundred thousand shares
Tokyo Electric Power another rumored target of securities house buying rose three hundred fifty to six thousand five hundred
This is horrible to do
Mr. Randol thinks cartel members learned their lesson and will avoid a rerun of the nineteen eighty six collapse
Some institutional investors who have sat on the sidelines in recent sessions waiting for the White House and Congress to wrap up the budget negotiations did a little bargain hunting before the closing bell traders added
The organizers have also emphasized the abstract and painterly qualities of O'Keeffe's work without losing sight of her very particular range of subject matter
The government reports with relief that buyers bought following the latest black day on Wall Street as they did before briskly
Last year the firm earned only four hundred ninety eight thousand dollars a steep drop from twenty two point three million dollars a year earlier
Union Carbide said it is willing to offer twenty thousand dollars for the family of each person killed in the accident in equal installments spread out over ten years and half that amount for the severely injured
Armed with this new semantic tool your writers should now ask themselves almost automatically about any alleged restructuring of the Soviet system Is this really perestroika or just pokazukha
American Telephone and Telegraph Company said it became the forty eighth U. S. company to be listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
But for schools that might find this approach too permissive O. D. N. Productions has produced a watered down version of Sex Drugs and Aids called The Subject Is AIDS
Mr. Rowan the broadcast attorney calls the doctrine a cocked gun aimed at broadcasters even though the government rarely pulls the trigger
Hughes and Sternlieb is that the pool of tenants is constantly becoming poorer
The French stock market is undergoing a deregulation and most of the nation's big banking groups as well as some foreign concerns have announced plans to acquire stakes in securities firms
After posting a loss of one hundred four point five million dollars in nineteen eighty six the company expects net income this year to exceed two dollars and thirty cents a share or about thirty three million dollars Martin D. Walker chairman and chief executive officer said in an interview
Brazil's lack of resources to finance its development compounds its problems
The Canadian government said it has reached an agreement with McDonnell Douglas Corporation and General Electric Company on arrangements for dealing with engine problems in the F. eighteen fighter plane
Mr.
Yamaichi Securities Company's net rose fifty four percent to one hundred fourteen point five seven billion yen while sales increased twenty two percent to five hundred six point two oh billion yen
On October twentieth the day after the crash Shearson Lehman Brothers Incorporated an American Express Company unit launched its Utility Value unit investment trust a collection of sixty small to medium sized utility stocks possibly ripe for takeovers
For fiscal nineteen eighty eight Mr. Stettinius said net income would be in line with analysts' projections of about six million dollars to seven million dollars or about one dollar and fifteen cents a share on sales of about one hundred fifty million dollars
The U. S. military presence in Greece has been an effective political issue for leader Andreas Papandreou who has argued that such a large foreign military presence threatens Greece's non aligned power an odd designation given its membership in NATO
This unsettling new series reprints isolated words from William Gaddis's novel The Recognitions on U. S. Army tarps in huge white letters
M. C. I. Communications Corporation Washington said it supports A. T. and T.'s move
The Dome story may finally be over said a U. S. bank executive
Microsoft is still up ninety four percent for the year
Big imports such as oil and steel don't show up here for example
Despite OPEC unrest and oversupply traders may be reluctant to push crude futures prices below the eighteen dollar level said Michael Rothman senior energy analyst at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets New York
The committee is working on a list of candidates to present to U. S. Trustee Harold Jones who would appoint a mediator if the court approves the creditors' plan
Doctors say that lead tastes sweet to young children
The bonds are rated B. a. a. one by Moody's and triple B. plus by S. and P.
For the first six months I did nothing he says
F. B. I. officials said the forty year old Mr. McConnell accompanied by his attorney was taken into custody after departing a flight believed to be arriving from Mexico City where he is believed to have fled before the indictment
In April when the company was trying to reposition the adverstising for its slumping wine cooler Mr. Busch said he planned to head the company's brewing unit for at least two years
American history shows the critical factor in financial crises has been the linkages running to and from the banking system
The company said that as part of a program to boost profitability it would focus its aerospace business on existing markets and wouldn't pursue a big expansion of its defense systems business
The two companies challenged the commission's decision to abandon an antitrust investigation into Philip Morris's acquisition of a minority stake in Rothmans which is a British unit of South Africa based Rembrandt Group
Two large J. Walter Thompson Company advertising clients defected to other agencies taking about sixty seven million dollars in billings with them
If it doesn't happen the dollar could drift lower he said
Sequa declined to comment on the rejection of its offer
The San Francisco based company said its trustees have decided that it won't invest more funds in the partnerships unless conditions improve
And when those blunders were absent the economy was able with few exceptions to adjust to the cause of the market decline
Rexham shareholders who didn't tender will receive sixty dollars and twenty five cents a share in a merger of the two companies that is expected to be completed Friday
But salesmen will be trained how to steer customers to high margin items including service contracts and accessories
The Kuwait Investment Office also was rumored to have bought a four point nine percent stake in B. P. two weeks ago which some observers said would likely be held as a long term investment
But even job seekers not directly tied to the stock market are feeling the pinch
His schedule barely allowed touchdowns in countries such as Egypt while it gave major blocks of time to talks in Israel
After two weeks of rising prices the Swiss franc foreign bond market has reached a consolidation phase with many market participants believing that rates will stabilize around current levels
Denver based Alltac makes adhesive carton sealing tapes and polypropylene film
At the same time parents demanding the release of their children and others imprisoned for violent political acts fought with ruling party supporters
The Pentagon supports Sematech on the basis that electronics is crucial to the defense industry
I started getting off margin last January and February he says of his investments
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly average basis
Texas Instruments Incorporated which has issued five hundred twenty five million dollars of floating rate preferred plans to lobby against the preferred provisions says William E. Boisvert vice president for corporate finance
The Reagan years began with the deepest recession since World War two but that has been followed by an unusually long recovery
General Motors Corporation in its latest attempt to pump life into its flagging heavy duty diesel engine business has turned to Roger Penske a former race car driver and now a G. M. dealer
However administration officials familiar with the court's record in insider trading cases speculated based on past votes that those voting to uphold the securities fraud convictions were Justices William Brennan Thurgood Marshall Harry Blackmun and John Stevens and that those rejecting the securities fraud convictions were Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Byron White Antonin Scalia and Sandra O'Connor
In a speech last night Alexander Haig President Reagan's first secretary of state and a former NATO commander launched the most forceful attack yet on the pact which Mr. Reagan is expected to sign next month at a summit meeting with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev
That's what's important for S. E. C. jurisdiction
If the new program accepts only those likely to succeed in business economists say the results won't be very useful
Five of the suits were filed on behalf of Triangle holders the other was filed on behalf of C. J. I. holders
The price of the latest thirty year Treasury bond rose to ninety nine and twenty two thirty seconds from ninety nine and nine thirty seconds last Friday
The D. J. I. A. currently is up eleven percent from its nineteen eighty seven low although it isn't clear if the rebound was the start of the rally everyone is awaiting
Producers are starting to renegotiate long term contracts with powerful customers such as auto makers which until now had flexed their muscles to push down their purchase costs
Ford declined to set a timetable for the completion of the purchase and analysts noted that if a serious car market downturn drained its resources the company could delay the plan
In national over the counter trading yesterday National shares closed up one dollar and fifty cents at fourteen dollars
As the table shows stocks generally outperformed other investments under most conditions
But he believes his own findings as well as other studies just confirm the popular belief that people are very superstitious
The market crash seems to have people saying Maybe we shouldn't spend one hundred dollars on a weekend anymore but we can go see a movie
The misappropriation theory also formed the underpinnings of the insider trading charges that were dismissed against Messrs.
Stocks also rose on other major exchanges around the world
Depressed bond prices sliced portfolios' net asset values and funds underwent heavy redemptions
MINOR MEMOS Justice Blackmun who was confirmed after the rejection of Judges Haynsworth and Carswell says he is writing Judge Kennedy to welcome him to the club of third timers.
FRANKFURT West Germany The Austrian government reduced the volume of its public offering of shares in the oil and natural gas concern O. M. V. A. G. by forty percent because of slack foreign demand the lead manager Creditanstalt Bankverein A. G. said
One flier showed pictures of Disneyland and nearby urban sprawl in Anaheim California with the comment It's a nice place to visit but you wouldn't want to live there
For the nine months Horizon had net income of two hundred twenty six thousand dollars or three cents a share compared with a two point two million dollar loss a year earlier
France delayed the denationalization of U. A. P. a big insurance group citing turmoil in financial markets
Some strategists briefly turned bearish last spring when the market began looking overvalued
The latest study which took place over five years and cost twenty two million dollars followed four thousand eighty one men between the ages of forty and fifty five who had elevated levels of cholesterol in their bloodstream but who otherwise were free of disease
Larry F. Williams SouthernNet's vice president and chief financial officer said he expects the purchase to be completed during the current quarter and is expected to cause a slight dilution in nineteen eighty seven per share net
Seasonally adjusted industrial production in the European Community fell zero point seven percent in August from July the E. C.'s statistical service said
Stimulative policies abroad designed to pick up any slack in exports with increased domestic demand would surely help to ease pain caused by a shrunken dollar at least in the short run
The camera chases him chasing her across the fields as he yells I'll pay you
A lawyer representing the developers said he hadn't reviewed the F. S. L. I. C. suit and declined to comment
Total doesn't currently intend to offer Abu Dhabi a seat on its board these sources said
The failed bank held deposits of twenty nine point five million dollars in five thousand five hundred accounts
Still beverage analyst Jesse Meyers believes larger cans may be here to stay
No new issues had been launched by late yesterday afternoon but Polly Peck International set the amount of its three year six and one quarter percent bond issue at fifty million Swiss francs thirty seven million dollars
Of all the problems to be dealt with in preparing for California's next monster quake the most pressing is also among the most basic The bricks and mortar of many buildings just won't hold up and the cost of upgrading them will run into billions of dollars
Increased unit production will put pressure on employment which is already historically high you will import inflation because as imports become more expensive your industry will become free to raise prices
The high court decided that only insiders can be guilty of insider trading and limited the definition of an insider a ruling that has made it more difficult for the government to pursue such cases
As a result December increased its premium over March by three point one oh cents to thirteen point one oh cents a pound which analysts said continued to emphasize the tightness of copper supplies
Popular color schemes for appliances including stereos also have a pre rock 'n roll tinge seafoam green pink and turquoise
The exchange had shortened trading hours after the October crash to give member firms and the Big Board staff time to process the enormous number of transactions that resulted from the jump in volume
Unitrode said its directors decided to suspend the quarterly dividend of five cents a share to conserve resources
Perhaps of greatest interest to Macmillan and Maxwell which said it wants to acquire Skokie Illinois based Bell and Howell in a friendly deal is the Merrill book division of the publishing unit
The smaller offices would align with one of the two the source added
Audio slash Video Affiliates Incorporated Durham Corporation Foremost Corporation of America M. B. S. Textbook Exchange Incorporated Western Steer Mom 'n Pop's Incorporated
Foreign government barriers don't pose a formidable roadblock to overseas expansion by American companies according to a study by a business group
The Civil Aviation Authority expressed similar concerns
And one former manager James O. Crawford has written a book
The agreement has given job security to the workers and has made us more competitive says S. O. Ogden chairman and chief executive officer of Lexington Kentucky based Island Creek Corporation an Occidental Petroleum Corporation subsidiary that as the Number thirteen producer mines about twenty million tons of coal a year
The leader of the United Arab Emirates Sheik Zayed also emerged as an important moderating influence at the summit
Yesterday the large institutionally traded stocks and the strongest medium and small issues rose along with the Dow Jones Industrial Average
But their concerns came amid indications from Wall Street that some brokerage firms may be eager to help Southland complete its financing
In years past U. S. sugar refiners have paid tariffs on imported sugar they refine and then re export
Things became a little too cheap one broker said adding that he saw some active buying of selective shares
First we would run less risk of losing some of our most clever researchers and technicians to other countries and thereby getting behind in technical development
The result has been a shift from hospitals to home care and to community clinics which make intensive use of nurses
O. K.
Thus in spite of its scholarly apparatus and generally judicious tone Condemned to Repetition is inevitably an apologia for his conduct and a post hoc defense of the administration of which he was a part
For the fiscal year ended October thirty first sales increased twelve percent to seven hundred twenty six million dollars from six hundred forty eight million dollars in fiscal nineteen eighty six
Succeeding him in that position is William M. Bennett forty nine former chairman and chief executive of Bank One Dayton Ohio
A spokesman for LAC said the investment includes the purchase of the three companies' twenty million dollars of debt at a discount and the investment of about nine point five million dollars to explore and develop the companies' gold properties over the next three years
Brokers buy and sell worms in a hurry because they don't have a place to store them
Indeed at a rally for the two Kims recently police seeded the grounds with tear gas making the students even more resentful
Until recently
Dixon Ticonderoga tumbled two and one half to twelve yesterday after its president predicted to a group of securities analysts that it would report earnings rose to two dollars a share for its fiscal year ended September thirtieth
The first would help if it reduced spending but as the markets said so clearly yesterday it is in the second where their turmoil will be calmed
Novelist Jack London celebrated the paper's printing plant as Temple of the Revolution
Other takeover stocks fell too on fears that the Southland deal's problems would chill takeover financing
Traders at a major Wall Street firm supplied The Wall Street Journal with what they thought was the number for Mr. Prechter's phone in service
A recurring gripe is that packages can't be resealed so food gets stale
Engelhard officials couldn't be reached for comment
The survey was undertaken following development of test kits by Cellular Products Company a Buffalo N. Y. based biotechnology company and Biotech Research Laboratories Incorporated Rockville Maryland which licensed its product to Du Pont Company of Wilmington Delaware
Under the insurance policy proposal lawyers in the case say Aetna would provide the extra money in exchange for instructions by the judge that the Robins reorganization plan declare Aetna exempt from all future Shield liability
International Business Machines Corporation said it upgraded its line of System slash eighty eight computers
Volume was six hundred ninety four point seven million shares well up from five hundred four point two million shares a day earlier
Mr. Wall said the study was prompted by a flood of investor proposals to acquire troubled Texas thrifts
The Republicans' latest offer on a tax increase is eight billion dollars involving increased tax law enforcement and other changes that wouldn't raise rates and there is an indication they could go to ten billion dollars
The division accounted for five hundred million dollars of Lucky's three point five billion dollars in sales for the six months ended August second
They have a lot of cars and there's uncertainty in the Wall Street sector said Aaron Taylor president of U. A. W. Local seven at Chrysler's Jefferson Avenue plant in downtown Detroit one of the factories affected by the latest round of possible rollbacks
Not long ago many Wall Street pundits saw the U. S. economy growing at three percent to four percent in nineteen eighty eight
An underwriting group led by E. F. Hutton and Company said the bonds were priced after auction to yield from five point two five percent in nineteen eighty eight to about eight point one seven percent in two thousand seventeen
The stock market and the dollar reversed course on comments from President Reagan who said that he doesn't expect nor does he want to see further declines in the value of the dollar
Montedison and Norsk Hydro delayed big rights issues due to the plunge in world stock prices
Continued improvement in the durability of tires has offset most of the expansion in the U. S. auto and truck fleet
Assuming all such outbreaks occur in the three thousand unfiltered systems identified as particularly risky by the E. P. A. this means that the average system has about one chance in a hundred of suffering a disease outbreak and the average user of these systems has about one chance in two thousand five hundred of contracting a painful but rarely fatal waterborne disease in any given year
They also were net sellers of ten point six billion dollars in bonds
Ultimately the libertarian and conservative approaches to law and constitutional interpretation are irreconcilably different
Tim Clarke banking analyst at the London brokerage Citicorp Scrimgeour Vickers says the rescue program for the Hong Kong futures market could cost Standard Chartered forty million pounds
The country is replete with Gilbert and Sullivan troupes community theater groups amateur orchestras and Sunday painters
The goal is always to make the writing as clear powerful and natural as that ancient woody impulse
Oh there were some mutual late hits and pilings on and face mask tuggings and finger pointings but nothing really out of the ordinary for an N. F. L. Sunday afternoon
Now a core group of these contacts continues to give Mr. Baker market information and advice on a regular basis senior White House officials say
Chemical quoted it at ninety nine point five oh ninety nine point seven oh
The market began its boom last year after the government started a push to promote manufactured exports a move highly popular with business
Canadian Pacific Limited's operating profit in the third quarter more than tripled reflecting higher profits from its railway forest products oil and gas and other businesses
C. N. W. said Gibbons Green plans to make a sixty million dollar equity investment in the acquisition and will hold a fifty seven point five percent stake in the new company at the completion of the buy out
What's the harm if people don't think I can get financing he asked adding that he hasn't yet asked his investment and commercial bankers to commit the funds for the offer
Now analysts say N. T. T. may not have enough steam left to do more than keep itself going
As part of the acquisition which includes United Merchant's Thalco and Glascoat fiberglass distribution units Springs will also assume certain liabilities and obligations of United Merchants associated with the assets it is purchasing
He also predicts that aluminum output will go up ten percent in the fourth quarter
His family had been selling beef to coal mining camps in Michigan for nearly forty years by then but many of the mines were closing
Many companies have reconsidered takeover or share offer plans since the market collapse
An Irving spokesman refused to elaborate
He will be there he says without his uniform but with his lawyer
Also included was a five million dollar pretax charge for restructuring of continuing operations
Tokyo currency market sources said the central bank stepped in minutes after the dollar opened at one hundred thirty four point two five yen
In June National Amusements a Dedham Massachusetts based theater chain acquired eighty three percent of Viacom International a cable television entertainment and broadcasting company through a buy out financed largely by bank debt that's now reflected on Viacom's balance sheet
The going private transaction required approval by Getty Oil's directors which voted fifteen to one to accept the Pennzoil proposal at a further sweetened price of one hundred twelve dollars and fifty cents a share as the secretary's notes of the meeting showed
But a lot of program traders are lying low because they either got hurt or have decided the market is too volatile
An investor group that includes Chicago City Capital Group Incorporated and Maxtor's president John Manley said it holds a six point eight percent stake in the San Jose California disk drive maker
Ms. Scanlon stresses that it's just too early to tell how much lasting damage will result
Until February nineteen eighty six Canada Development a Toronto holding company held as much as a sixty seven percent stake in Savin
Dollar one hundred thirty four point one five yen off zero point eight eight one point six five nine five marks off zero point zero one zero nine
Thus one way to capture cautious customers some consultants say is to offer more service
A few states such as Minnesota and North Carolina have long allowed their banks to sell insurance but not much else
C. B. Equities Corporation a New York based investment firm said it holds a seven point two percent stake in First Capital Holdings Corporation's common shares outstanding
A little heavier maybe but the same smile Mrs. Joseph said
Recently General Powell has told visitors that the National Security Council staff should function as a collegial infantry batallion
In program trading securities firms carry out blizzards of trades to capitalize on price gaps between stocks and the stock index futures market
Now not only is price a concern for next year but so is whether there will be enough copper available
It pitted two college teams against each other in a duel of rapid fire response to academic questions on history and math literature and science
Yasuko Nando a sixty five year old grandmother of five woke up her husband Kunio at six a. m. on Tuesday October twentieth when it was the end of the afternoon of October nineteenth in New York to catch the latest news
Later Friday the court rescinded its order suspending the price controls but said it will consider Autolatina's appeal and issue a ruling by next Monday
A failed farm equipment dealer remains closed
Whether a recession eventually develops can't be determined from these data because the response by consumers has yet to move past their initial reactions
Some fifty years ago Keynes suggested the discouragement of stock trading
Shareholders in KLEINWORT BENSON LONSDALE P. L. C. took up fifteen point six percent of a one hundred forty three point six million pound two hundred fifty six point one million dollars rights issue of new shares the merchant bank said
Despite their positions on three continents all five members of the Japanese stock trading team share a single profit and loss statement
G. E. officials couldn't be reached for comment
Strong earnings gains by natural resource companies pushed Canadian corporate profits sharply higher in the third quarter
A Merrill Lynch and Company broker shot a week after Black Monday's stock market crash filed a twenty five million dollar lawsuit against the widow and estate of the investor accused of shooting him and against the gun shop that allegedly sold the weapon used
A nineteen eighty six survey by the Air Line Pilots Association the union that represents forty thousand commercial airline pilots found that half of a scientific sampling of one thousand pilots believed that maintenance of their planes had declined and that captains were sometimes pressured into accepting planes with an excessive number of faulty items
What the trading hours will be after that hasn't been determined a spokeswoman said
The energy concern said it expects the project to increase oil recovery from the Ekofisk offshore field by one hundred forty million to one hundred seventy million barrels of oil equivalent over the next thirty to forty years
The flamboyant sixty seven year old producer who said he is negotiating resignation terms with the company also told De Laurentiis Entertainment to consider changing its name
EVEN THOUGH most technology programs are funded by state governments on an annual basis the market crash doesn't jeopardize their future administrators say
The company and its shareholders hoped a single court would fix a final price on its massive Dalkon Shield liability without the threat of jury trials and punitive damage awards
Not only did bank shares lag the Standard and Poor's five hundred stock index on the market's long ascent over the past year and a half but they have tumbled just as far as other issues since the market's steep slide began last month
The company sells and distributes printing and photographic equipment
Mr. Buckley sixty four probably would draw opposition from liberals and moderates
The estimated volume was three point five million ounces
No one doubts that Caspar Weinberger's resignation as secretary of defense was primarily for personal reasons but associates suggest that he's also relieved at not being part of the foreign policy shaping up for the final year of the Reagan presidency
That very same bond market rally is making John Connolly a portfolio strategist at Dean Witter Reynolds a little anxious
A three percent rise in the G. N. P. measure for example denotes an expanding economy
In an interview before addressing securities analysts here the executive also disclosed for the first time some financial details for Cincinnati Bell's non telephone operations
FRANCAISE D. E. S. PETROLES the French state controlled oil group swung to consolidated net income of one point oh three billion francs one hundred seventy eight point three million dollars in the first half from a loss of nine hundred nine million francs a year earlier
I thought cars were crazy
But the P. D. F. still seems well united against what General Noriega has proclaimed an attack on the P. D. F. as an institution
As the final curtain fell the audience whistled and cheered set off volleys of flashbulbs and flung at the dancers' feet what looked like every single flower in the city
In nineteen eighty seven's first nine months the surplus grew to ten point seven three billion rand from ten point six one billion rand a year earlier
A convincing package to reduce the U. S. budget deficit is a vital first step towards restoring confidence in the financial markets she said
Earlier Heritage received an unsolicited takeover proposal valued at thirty one point six million dollars from Today Home a Los Angeles based concern that holds the rights to sports and documentary features
The debt figure moreover is illusory it excludes many billions more in pension and long term liabilities
He adds All the hype about the stock market collapse is grossly exaggerated
In last year's third quarter the system had a loss of five hundred sixty million dollars
If it is determined that the product is being sold at less than fair value and that it is injuring a U. S. industry then anti dumping duties would be imposed
Adds another major player in the field Everyone from lenders on down has been traumatized by the last few weeks
Judge Greene oversees compliance with the terms of the Bell System breakup in nineteen eighty four
And what was true for me would be true of millions of other people on the verge of retirement
A one hundred million dollar issue of McDonald's Corporation sinking fund debentures due November two thousand seventeen
Last month Borg Warner agreed to sell its Borg Warner Acceptance Corporation unit to Transamerica Corporation for seven hundred eighty two point five million dollars
He said that R. C. Patterson a senior executive vice president will be in charge of the acquisition process between now and his scheduled retirement next year
Deals just came in off the street Mr. Fry recalls
Pieces fall into place
Now the Terans fear that they will be separated again
ECONOMIC GROWTH could force the Fed to reassess its easy money policy
The crowd of O. T. C. bargain hunters is growing
For the year gold funds still averaged a return of more than twenty percent although they have been knocked out of the top spot by option growth funds or those investing at least five percent of their portfolios in options
But his plan was quickly dismissed as lawmakers said the negotiations remain the only realistic forum for reaching some accommodation with the administration
The president slot is filled
If the fund is converted its shares no longer would be traded on the New York Stock Exchange
After a series of abortive negotiations the bankers in August declared the country in default and began legal moves to attach assets in the West
Mr. Wolitarsky said Moseley Holdings intends to continue operating a securities trading and research operation in the U. S. and Europe concentrating on foreign stocks
Mr. Carpenter's rise at I. T. T. had been very rapid
Yesterday the unit of Texas Air Corporation made it clear that it is continuing its retrenchment
The dollar fell one point eight percent to one point three seven nine three francs from one point four oh five oh francs Wednesday
On Wednesday the government announced that it would sell its remaining sixty percent stake in Viag A. G. an energy chemicals and aluminum company sometime in nineteen eighty eight
LADBROKE GROUP P. L. C. said only two point four percent of its two hundred fifty six million pounds four hundred forty eight point eight million dollars rights issue was taken up by shareholders with the rest going to underwriters that agreed to buy any unsold shares at the offer price of three hundred seventy eight pence six dollars and sixty three cents each
Under the proposed accord which has yet to be approved by the country's foreign creditor banks world wide Brazil has agreed to seek an economic program with the International Monetary Fund
American Home's acquisition of V. L. I. had been subject to among other things the reinstatement of an expired U. S. patent on V. L. I.'s main product a contraceptive sponge
But he is convinced that prospective investors are prepared to buy Eurotunnel shares based on projected returns from their investment after the tunnel opens in nineteen ninety three
Some department stores laden with their own private label clothes are canceling orders with some name brand American manufacturers
Her maximum indignation printed amid photographs of her in minimum attire is instantly parodied by Saturday Night Live on the T. V. show's Evening News Update segment actress Victoria Jackson climbs on a desk and does a strip routine while singing I am not a bimbo
The presentation also brought out that the Livermore study embodied overly optimistic assumptions regarding the times at which the Soviets could possibly deploy various countermeasures to SBKKVs relative to the formal estimates of the professional intelligence community concerning the same Soviet responsive threat
The European Community Commission launched an inquiry into the French government's plan to write off twelve billion French francs two billion dollars of REGIE NATIONALE D. E. S. USINES RENAULT's debt
Two books in particular spell out their vision with depth and clarity Stagnation and the Financial Explosion by Harry Magdoff and Paul Sweezy and The Imperiled Economy Macroeconomics From the Left a volume of twenty six essays by members of the Union of Radical Political Economics
Such action would reduce banks' capital and make any debt settlement with Brazil much more difficult to reach
But other traders said few program traders execute sell programs by selling borrowed stock
Shares of the company a food distributor with additional interests in building materials and real estate development traded at twenty three dollars to twenty five dollars a share in the days before the stock market collapse October nineteenth
But about fifty three percent of voters turned down a proposal pushed by Texas businessman H. Ross Perot and his Texans for Quality Education committee to retain an appointed State Board of Education
Issuing for example three hundred billion dollars of floating rate notes and bonds and using the proceeds both to substitute for new fixed rate notes and bonds and to buy back existing fixed rate debt would have multiple benefits
The U. S. consumer footed the bill since our government agreed that we would import the quota sugar at our domestic price not at the much lower world price
The C. I. A.'s role is important in maintaining a sophisticated air resupply operation that allows the Contras more flexibility in moving their ground troops in rough terrain
Mr. Myers is an official of the American Legislative Exchange Council a group of state legislators
What the hell does he know another trader snaps
The trade deficit matters economists say because symptom or cause it was intimately involved in last month's stock market crash
In Cenith's letter Mr. Rabinovitz also stated that if Ionics's board rejected the partnership's request to discuss the proposal the partnership would consider pursuing other actions to seek control
Employees doing plumbing repairs on ships were routinely sprayed with raw sewage because the company refused to drain the lines before work began or provide personal protective equipment
Today the settlement process has become so routine that the judge unassisted runs hearings involving one hundred fifty claims at a time
G. M. also will temporarily cut one of two shifts at its Oshawa one Ontario plant where the auto maker builds one thousand one hundred twenty Pontiac six thousand and Oldsmobile Ciera cars each day
Despite that Mr. Edelman too recommends retail stocks now because they have been beaten down so much this year particularly in the past three months
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value
Telex sank three and five eighths to fifty three and one half
Together we make a pretty good combination sixty two year old Elger Berkley says of himself and his twenty nine year old son Brian
Each of these negotiations is filled with pitfalls and a misstep could have serious consequences
The companies also said that George F. Kesel currently president and chief executive of Union National will become chairman of the new company
Philadelphia Mayor Goode said he would continue to build a new prosperity following his victory Tuesday over G. O. P. rival Frank Rizzo who said he might challenge the results in court
Maeda Construction active in sewage road and dam building however fell fifty to one thousand six hundred sixty on profit taking by the close
Moody's Investors Service Incorporated lowered the credit ratings on about one point one billion dollars in securities of First RepublicBank Corporation and two of its bank units because of adverse asset quality trends particularly in the Southwest real estate market
The E. P. A. is so enthusiastic about reg negs that it has set up a special unit to handle them
The dominant theme of his testimony was concern about the structure of the markets and specifically about the capital adequacy of market makers
Try a Brain Tuneup to Keep Your Mind Off the Stock Market heralding the spreading popularity of so called Synchro Energizer machines for chasing away bear market blues
What we're begging for is access to that same science
It zoomed to the top of the show's hit parade. The most requested songs include current Top forty oldies like Heard It Through the Grapevine such novelty ditties as My Brother Threw Up on My Stuffed Toy Bunny and even classics
Singer Irene Cara who recorded the song Fame hasn't been highly visible lately in the U. S. but remains popular in Japan where she has pitched coffee
The Lawson statement came in midafternoon touching off a brief rally on London's stock exchange
West German mark government bonds ended higher in thin trading as the Bundesbank moved to remove liquidity from the market and the dollar fell to record lows
Mr. Gould in his testimony said federal bank regulators plan to propose raising the penalties for violations of rules governing transactions between affiliates
Sales climbed twelve percent to three point nine one billion dollars from three point four eight billion dollars
Consolidated Natural Gas Company said recent oil discoveries in Louisiana Texas and Wyoming could increase the company's oil production capability ten percent by year's end
Company officials said that the refinancing has been stalled because the volatility in the stock market has erased the advantage of restructuring immediately
The President requested for defense a much needed rise from the dangerous troughs of the late nineteen seventies
John T. Brown the third of Houston editor of the Prudent Investing newsletter says Charts tell what happened in the past
The notion that you didn't get due process because lower court judges didn't agree with you isn't likely to do the trick said Alan Morrison a prominent Supreme Court litigator who heads Public Citizen Litigation Group in Washington
Big Board volume was a heavy two hundred twenty seven point eight million shares far ahead of Monday's one hundred seventy six million
California has taken steps to eliminate the questions
In volume terms sales rose one percent
Separately V. W. repeated that it won't have to increase a four hundred seventy two million mark provision taken to cover losses stemming from a foreign exchange fraud uncovered earlier this year
Moody's Investors Service Incorporated said it is reviewing senior debt ratings of this Dallas based oil gas coal chemical and technological concern for a possible downgrade
Laying that aside there is another question
More than a century after Judge Roy Bean established himself as the law west of the Pecos the image of hang 'em high justice still clings to the courts of Texas
Some programs also contributed to the market's rebound in the final hour other traders said
Valley National is a Phoenix Arizona based bank holding company
Not long ago aluminum companies airlines and many small companies were issuing stock
Stocks Volume two hundred twenty seven million eight hundred forty thousand shares
Copper is one of the few markets whose fundamentals have enabled it to remain independently strong despite all the surrounding uncertainty the analyst said
Mr. Cox retains an interest in another beef operation Friona Industries L. P. an agribusiness master limited partnership based in Amarillo Texas
Caring for addicts presents the greatest challenge
On its face the patent doesn't address mammalian cell cultures
He brought the top officers of the exchange to New York last week to tell the press and anyone else who would listen that the Merc was not to blame for the market crash
Messrs.
Also scheduled are Rossini's L'italiana in Algeri with Marilyn Horne and Sesto Bruscantini November nineteenth twenty two twenty four and twenty eight Massenet's Werther with Alfredo Kraus and Renata Scotto December third six nine and twelve and Puccini's Turandot with Johanna Meier and Ermanno Mauro December nineteenth twenty one twenty three and twenty seven two hundred fourteen
Last week's output rose thirty five point seven percent from the one million three hundred eighty one thousand tons produced a year earlier
They flee town
WOOD GUNDY CORPORATION'S exposure in the twelve point four three billion dollars British Petroleum Company stock offering could reach twenty four million Canadian dollars after taxes
In April the two towns will vote on whether to become cities
Otlichno excellent he squeals in Russian with a broad grin otlichno
Ms. Jepson is a New York based freelance music writer
Now Ian Murphy looks to his next job
After De Laurentiis's offering the company produced a string of flops including Tai Pan Red Dragon and King Kong Lives
Public school leaders complain about cuts but their budgets have been flourishing
While the Hong Kong market did subsequently record a massive fall it was the same forty four percent as Sydney's and less than Singapore's forty eight percent
The forty eight year old Mr. Galambos joined Patient Technology two and one half years ago when it acquired Graham Field Incorporated a health products concern
G. M. apparently does need drastic remedies
Stephen Fienberg a dean at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh says that in an adjusted census it's very clear that Republicans don't win given that you're going to give more weight to black voters
A lot of people were taking their money out of the world's stock markets and putting it into Treasury securities which are always considered a safe investment during times of crisis
The average Nasdaq stock has less than two days worth of its stock in a short position thus purchase of shares to cover a short position in such a stock would be unlikely to increase demand enough to boost the price
But a far more common problem for most dividend capture programs frequently used by cash rich utilities was that the hedges that had been designed to protect against heavy losses didn't work
On the question of securities powers for instance the banks argue that they need to increase their profitability making the issue a turf battle over who is going to make the money in securities underwriting
America West asked the Washington D. C. appeals court for a stay of last week's Transportation Department ruling which cleared the way for Washington based U. S. Air to complete the acquisition of Winston Salem N. C. based Piedmont
He said the company was concerned about raiders such as Miami based financier Victor Posner who recently acquired a nine point eight four percent stake in the company
West German mark government bond prices fell about one half point while Euromark bonds remained unchanged in quiet trading
The three part Treasury financing operation begins today with the sale of nine point seven five billion dollars of three year notes
He defended the West German rate rises that angered Mr. Baker as small and said Something's got to give when interest rates start climbing in the world's dominant economy
Some even use the eighty three eighty six chip which is the most powerful now available in the I. B. M. compatible world many are showing better hard disk memories and more readable screens and are lighter and less expensive
He said F. M. C. has two point five times as much money coming in as is needed to cover its interest payments
After a brief drop of about twenty five points as trading got under way the Dow Jones Industrial Average reversed course
A texaco lawyer however said we already have our papers in the can and insisted that it's possible the court could render a decision as soon as the spring of nineteen eighty eight
We have not received any letter of resignation Mr. Fitzwater said
The need for bilateral cooperation to cut the transboundary flow of S. O. two emissions was recognized by the U. S. in its recent air pollution agreement with Mexico
But the F. A. S. B. said that a longtime accounting rule that permitted the nonconsolidating of certain subsidiaries allowed too many companies to keep significant debt off their balance sheets and made it difficult to compare companies in the same industries
With a very low net worth ratio it's difficult for them to grow
Big U. S. bank creditors of developing countries are now under more pressure too
I think every deal I've heard of is on hold
In West Germany I could imagine the heavy London volume could bolster Frankfurt's effort to lengthen its trading day says Ruediger von Rosen executive vice chairman of the Federation of German Stock Exchanges
The possibility that a settlement of the case is near was raised when an Indian court at both sides' request extended to November eighteenth a deadline for the two sides to negotiate an out of court settlement
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation using authority under a new banking law created its first bridge bank from the failed Capital Bank and Trust Company Baton Rouge Louisiana
White Plains N. Y. based Texaco went into bankruptcy law proceedings April twelfth to forestall enforcement of a ten point three billion dollar judgment against it awarded to Pennzoil by a Texas court in December nineteen eighty five
Therefore besides being creative and skillful he also must have strong allegiance to the company
They are sought out by some gynecologists who profit by marking up lab fees on patient bills
Doctors seeking quality work often turn to professional groups that evaluate and accredit labs
The answer of course is yes
By Friday the fifty nine year old Mr. Macy had changed his mind and decided to stay at Lockheed. I don't like panic decisions he said
The other is the Zero Pre breathe Mark three fashioned from the latest blend of metal and cloth
Mr. Chapman also said the firm's retail brokerage operations had commission levels two to three times higher than normal
There is a mind set that keeps poor people oppressed and makes the wealthy feel their control is legitimate she contends
Make growth the state religion
The Shawinigan facility has annual production capacity of eighty four thousand metric tons or less than eight percent of Alcan's Canadian capacity
Under terms about one point one million shares of the Pensacola Florida thrift will be bought for twenty three dollars cash each and about one point four million will be bought for stock
Mr. Grant said his decision to leave the network was absolutely not related to its current ratings position
If Mr. Yeltsin who is head of the powerful Moscow City Party Committee and a non voting member of the ruling Politburo is relieved of his duties after launching what Soviet insiders described as a frontal attack on both the thirteen man Politburo the apex of Soviet power and the three hundred seven member Central Committee which comprises the nation's top political officials Mr. Gorbachev will have lost one of his most important backers
Cash America Investments Incorporated said it postponed its previously reported plan to buy Ace Cash Express Incorporated for one point two million common shares primarily because of uncertainty in the equity market
It will fall further to three point eight percent by the end of the first half of nineteen eighty eight
An informal survey of two hundred fifty Nasdaq stocks with market values below ninety million dollars indicates prices of these small and medium sized O. T. C. stocks fell thirty eight percent in October sending them back to nineteen eighty three price levels
We have to establish that there will be a fifty to fifty split Chairman Dan Rostenkowski D. Illinois of the House Ways and Means Committee said yesterday on C. B. S. News's Face the Nation
His quandary Whether I want to go up fast and down fast or I just want to go up steadily
Gold mining shares typically purchased as a hedge against inflation also lost appeal as investors worried instead about a possible recession
An Indian news agency reported that a Bhopal district judge has extended the deadline for a settlement in the gas disaster case
Last year the fifteen member committee gave Mr. Ginsburg its lowest acceptable rating qualified for the appeals court
Increases in sales and earnings will be reflected in the third and fourth quarters of nineteen eighty eight the company said
Mr. Glauber said Mr. Brady who is chairman of Dillon Read and Company has submitted his recommendations for the additional members to the White House
The official said the department would look at the question of allocation of slots at the airports and the problem of access by new competitors through its formal rulemaking procedure a process that can take from several months to several years
Mr. Minton says that fund managers in Australia and abroad see more of the same down the road
An initial public offering was completed in September which valued the firm at roughly fifty percent more than the price paid BankAmerica
All Poland watched she says
She goes on and on
Given the breadth of our patent we see little incentive to pursue an out of court settlement with Genetics Institute he added
We still feel it is a good deal for us a T. S. B. spokesman said
These figures aren't seasonally adjusted
The G. M. pact even hints at the possibility of reduced wages and benefits
Under the Nationalist constitution there's no fully democratic solution to this problem short of retaking mainland China and calling elections
For the six months Adage's loss narrowed to four point two million dollars from six point seven million dollars
To stay the course means sure disaster
But the real thrill of the Haunt each year is having your nerves tested as a paying victim in a nightmarish evening of participatory theater
Some participants in the California discussion group say that the economic uncertainty calls for extra caution they are reluctant now to make big plans for the future
Peter Newman a former Star editor in chief says It was difficult to follow Beland's instructions because he was so certain about what he didn't want but not quite so certain about how it should be done
U. S. officials believe conditions are ripening for a new monetary accord among the U. S. West Germany and Japan as the stock market crash and the dollar's decline are changing attitudes in those three countries and in the markets
But even his critics praised him for emphasizing criminal prosecutions especially against smaller military contractors and for demanding stiffer jail sentences for executives convicted of price fixing or bid rigging
Fireman's Fund Corporation Greenwich Connecticut is another insurer that has invested heavily in equities
The loser on each part of the contract would give up forty percent of its part of the procurement to the other prime contractor
Even with the impediments more connections are being made
He says retailers may find themselves overstocked in the fourth quarter and will pump up their advertising to move their merchandise from the shelves
It's already beginning to happen
Actually Representative Wright didn't make such a direct charge although he did make clear that his understanding of the agreement differed from an understanding expressed by the Treasury this week
A spokesman for First Chicago said the company wouldn't elaborate
The risk arbitrage investment decline will have no effect on Comdisco's core businesses which are stronger than ever before the company said
Further appreciation of the yen would hurt Japanese manufacturers which still rely heavily on export markets and have only recently adjusted to currency levels set by major industrialized countries last February in the Louvre agreement
After a year or so I gave up
A late rebound in the dollar and credit easing by the Japanese and West German central banks paralleling the Federal Reserve's looser monetary policy helped drive bond prices higher for the first time in three days
The company didn't give figures
Matsushita Electric Industry dropped eighty to one thousand eight hundred thirty
BUT REYNOLDS which already has twelve percent of the aluminum beverage can market is determined to make customers understand the benefits of the new container including the fact that it can be recycled
Weakness in the Far East equity markets which had played a part in pulling down U. S. stocks earlier this week was largely unnoticed in New York yesterday
Ivanhoe currently owns six point six five million Newmont shares or nine point nine five percent of the company
Lockheed's savings plan allows employees to put as much as eight percent of their annual salaries in a savings plan with one investment option the employee can elect for his share being a broad portfolio of stocks
The new N. R. C. rule concedes that no utility plan is likely to be able to provide the same degree of public protection as one drawn up with full state and local cooperation but says that a utility plan may nevertheless be adequate
Margaret Thatcher has not helped herself in the U. S. financial community says an official at one of the four firms
Last week it took on eleven thousand new accounts more than double the normal volume though Mr. Schwab declined to say how many were lost
The painful dilemma was driven home to Fed officials yesterday as the dollar plummeted in foreign exchange markets
Officials said the decline stemmed mainly from slack demand in the U. S. and Europe
Everyone gets away
What could be more divine or at least pleasant and good for the Nixon name
The yuppie is not our primary market and we have no intention of changing our marketing efforts says Susan King president of Steuben Glass
It's like shooting sitting ducks
Odyssey has said it is seeking to acquire Heritage
In Massachusetts and California among other places they pushed hard for pound laws that would prohibit the taking of pound animals for medical research thus requiring that they be put to death instead
Peugeot officials yesterday also played down the threat
WALL STREET JITTERS generate a rash of ills
Frears and Kareishi have teamed up again to make Sammy and Rosie Get Laid which Mr. Kareishi has described as a contemporary comedy about race violence sex and drugs
B. P.'s stock has plunged well below the government's three hundred thirty pence a share offer price so the issue's U. S. and British underwriters almost certainly will be left holding a lot of unwanted B. P. shares at a paper loss if the seven point two four billion pounds twelve point three three billion dollars issue goes ahead as planned
When the Soviet leader surprised American officials last Friday by declaring he wasn't ready to set a summit date until the U. S. agreed to negotiate curbs on its strategic defense initiative Western analysts' immediate reaction was that he was hoping to exploit Mr. Reagan's political troubles to wring last minute concessions from him
He said that Bozell and Merrill will have to find a different way of financing the deal adding that Now it will have to be in some sort of private placement
Remember when street people were city sanitation employees
In nineteen eighty two he said. the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act raised taxes by one hundred thirty one billion dollars over four years with Congress pledging to slash spending by three dollars for every one dollar of increased revenue
The legislation will provide lower rail rates for captive shippers said Representative Frederick Boucher D. Virginia who proposed the measure
Some private forecasters expect the deficit to swell in the current year even if twenty three billion dollars in automatic spending cuts are put into effect under the Gramm Rudman deficit reduction law
The stock market's plunge shouldn't prevent Congress from allowing banks to enter the securities field or affect the number of bank failures top federal banking regulators told lawmakers
The nineteen eighty seven third quarter results include the one hundred twenty six point one million dollars from the Amax Gold sale and six million dollars from the pension fund reversion Mr. Born said
Judge Winter fifty two also has strong support within the administration but he evokes mixed reactions
Cotton market analysts said that usually at this time about sixty percent of the crop is harvested
So do helicopter pilots and maintenance men who get military training here and then decamp
Robert Hutchinson a vice president at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company the banking unit of New York based Manufacturers Hanover Corporation said the increase in deposits while not a flood has been particularly heavy in eighteen month time deposits a maturity that until recently wasn't popular with savers
For the second day in a row the Nasdaq Composite Index fell while prices in other markets rose
By eleven thirty a. m. E. S. T. the industrial average had recovered its early losses and stood thirty five points ahead on the day
The American public and its political system ultimately isolated and eliminated the base practices that came to be called McCarthyism
The result is a new schism between the White House and congressional Democrats
Santoprene's annual sales exceed fifty million dollars the spokesman said
Every drug has the potentiality for producing undesired side effects in a certain percentage of the population and that includes the use of aspirin and certain vitamins
But Discover isn't out of the woods yet
We've got very substantial amounts of capital said Thomas W. Strauss president of Salomon's securities unit
Its employees were told that they were serving the higher purpose of raising America's standard of living not merely hawking hammers for profit
If these bills are not passed and the states are successful in overturning the nineteen sixty seven Supreme Court decision then all merchants would be required to collect sales tax on interstate sales no matter how small the volume of such transactions
The company also plans to spend more than ninety million dollars to build a new tissue paper mill at Alanno Pescara in southern Italy
While this terrorist scenario has not come true early this month Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger mentioned that Iranian patrol boats in the Persian Gulf have machine guns and sometimes Stinger equipment
two A correction in the stock market is always associated with exogenous i. e. real world events that are a provocation for a decline
If there is clearly a criminal offense in our view the offender cannot hide his activity or his assets by invoking our laws that are meant to protect the lawful customers
He complained Monday that it wasn't readily explicable why the London market should be following and attempting to second guess Wall Street quite so slavishly
Orders for transportation equipment fell as declines in aircraft and shipbuilding more than offset a rise in motor vehicles and parts
The speed and the depth of the plunge this time surprised them to be sure but a highly informal sampling of the age group indicates no signs of panic
The pilots' complaints presented to Congress included one card expressing opposition to the union's campaign This is an illegal slowdown job action it read
In addition it said the Chapter eleven filing cut interest expense by twelve point five million dollars in the period
Under Peru's two year old economic program Peru froze prices lowered interest rates and tried to keep wages ahead of inflation
For the nine months Chrysler reported net of nine hundred fifty one point four million dollars or four dollars and thirty eight cents a share compared with one point oh eight billion dollars or four dollars and eighty three cents a share in nineteen eighty six after a one time after tax gain of one hundred thirty one point nine million dollars or fifty nine cents a share from the sale of Chrysler's interest in French auto maker Peugeot S. A.
The percentage change is since year end
And the vaunted artists on the record from Bruce Springsteen and U. two to Madonna and the Pointer Sisters
Oil the other linchpin of the basin's economy also faces an uncertain future all over in the West though for different reasons
In individual commodity markets yesterday
But other money managers say portfolio insurance is likely to emerge from last week's mayhem with a black eye
Some F. D. I. C. members protested the change but Mr. Seidman said that with farm economics improving we probably won't see it used very much
But in addition some of the company's problems are shared by the entire toy industry which hasn't come up with any hot products for the Christmas season which is struggling with a miserable sales year and which is worried that the market for expensive high technology toys may not be as large or as durable as had been hoped
He and others speculate that other cash strapped arbitragers used yesterday's strong rebound in the stock to sell even more shares
This is the kind of thing people want to forget about
Texaco net fell to one hundred eight million dollars or forty four cents a share from one hundred sixty two million dollars or sixty seven cents a share a year earlier
The Tokyo government plans to use the proceeds to redeem bonds and fund public works programs aimed at stimulating domestic demand
The company's stock already had plunged this year and Mr. Paxson's twenty four million share holding valued at more than one billion dollars early this year has shrunk to about two hundred million dollars
It and others had protested an I. R. S. re emphasis on taxpayer interviews
That consensus has been incipient since the nineteen eighty six elections
But the controversial British producer of such films as Chariots of Fire alienated major Hollywood figures and his management philosophy differs markedly from Mr. Kaufman's
The government wouldn't confirm the release
The agency won't be able to draw any definite conclusions until it analyzes trading data being compiled by the stock exchanges for the Securities and Exchange Commission
Lloyds a big British commercial bank chairs the committee of twelve international banks that negotiates with Ecuador on its five billion dollar foreign bank debt
For example says Gao Shangquan China's vice minister of the State Commission for Restructuring the Economy This won't affect China's efforts to introduce negotiable securities and shares
Since May Paris based Econocom a leaser of computer equipment has accumulated a twenty three percent stake in Decision a Horsham Pennsylvania based provider of computer equipment and services
Harsco makes industrial commercial and defense goods
Deeply ingrained in our history and tradition is the value of privacy
He pushed his way into first place after nearly a clean sweep of newspaper endorsements across the state
More than anything the therapists try to help quell the children's fear that the shooting may happen again
One evening earlier this year Pharoah fainted after pleading with his mother to stop the shooting outside
Lafeyette's friend James however sprints across Damen Avenue and snakes through the large crowd
But he warned that when you put somebody else's software on them it can mitigate some of the performance advantages
She concedes however that vacations in Nicaragua may not be for everyone
Such costs at the Pajingo mine in Australia are expected to be one hundred twenty six dollars an ounce initially but to increase to an average of one hundred forty one dollars an ounce during the life of the property the company said
But that day they discovered just how far it is from Skokie to Wall Street
But Mr. Brown while acknowledging that his wife has him on a light rein knows full well that he's roped and saddled just the same
There's no question that law firm lunches are crucial
Britain is considering a proposal by U. K. underwriters of the massive British Petroleum Company share offer that the government scrap the sale because of possible large losses faced by local and foreign underwriters
By the end of the session the general indicator had dropped seven point eight four percent
Sales at Nan Duskin Incorporated an operator of tony women's apparel stores in Philadelphia and Baltimore were up much less last week than they had been before the crash prompting Richard Levitt executive vice president to worry about the market's effect on future sales
In the U. S. earnings decreased to five hundred ninety three million dollars from six hundred seven million dollars a year largely because of last year's gain from the sale of assets
The group isn't the largest organization representing small businesses but its member companies tend to be bigger than those in the National Federation of Independent Business which has five hundred thousand members
From June nineteen eighty six to June nineteen eighty seven we eliminated one thousand state positions a drop of two point seven percent
Income ran at a three point seven eight four trillion dollar pace up from a three point seven five eight trillion dollar rate in August
We always say yes
Cosmopolitan Care Corporation New York said it has postponed indefinitely its plans for a ten million dollar to fifteen million dollars private placement of debt and warrants through Mabon Nugent and Company
The Canton Massachusetts based company which makes interactive voice response systems for use with computer data bases said it granted a price reduction to a major customer and that another customer postponed installation of equipment until next year
Rather it asserted that pilots are refusing to fly planes whose maintenance they deem to be insufficient and that that constitutes a safety not a labor action
Of the sixty million dollars in refining profit only seven million dollars came from U. S. operations down sharply from one hundred six million dollars in the third quarter of nineteen eighty six
Yesterday's plunge wiped out all O. T. C. market price gains through nineteen eighty six and beyond at the end of nineteen eighty five the composite was at three hundred twenty four point nine three
Mr. Erlanger explained Firm technical support in that case would be the point from which the current bull market began under eight hundred on the Dow
The Founding Fathers invested great political authority in the presidency for times such as these
The quarterly results also include a two point one million dollar provision to settle lawsuits stemming from the firm's role as an underwriter of the financially troubled Washington Public Power Supply System
I have a theory and it has to do with those Homer Hankies the Twins' fans wave
Exxon fell three and three quarters to forty one and one eighth Occidental Petroleum lost three and three eighths to twenty four Unocal slid four and seven eighths to twenty six and Mobil declined two and seven eighths to thirty seven
The suspension was necessary most contended because of funding problems on the Hong Kong Futures Exchange that weren't addressed until a rescue plan was announced late Sunday
Bethlehem Steel Corporation said it completed the sale of twelve million shares of its common stock for about one hundred eighty six million dollars
When it works it really works
The show went on
He said efforts are continuing to change the law but acknowledged that prospects aren't bright
A case can be made for a price adjustment of one dollar to two dollars a barrel
The unit's expected profitability includes the cost of servicing that debt
These programs caused a huge amount of the actual liquidations when it became obvious that the hedged positions couldn't be reinstated
However we have been guided by the knowledge that we cannot realistically improve the quality of our lives without government safeguards and by the responsibility to establish legislative initiatives that facilitate self help
At best Operation Staunch achieves the modest goal of making it more expensive and difficult for the Iranians to buy weapons
On the basis of Wendy's approximately ninety six million shares outstanding that range indicates profit for the quarter of between three point eight million dollars and five point eight million dollars
Classes are available for all three shifts before and after scheduled work hours and are funded through the U. A. W. Chrysler Tuition Assistance Program
The turbulence over wages has added to the anxiety and confusion that has characterized Peru since Mr. Garcia announced last July that the government would take over the nation's private sector banks
Of course if the yuppies' current market theory buy now when everything is suddenly cheap and exciting is wrong its proponents may yet line up at soup kitchens along with their clients
C. B. O. E. Chairman Alger Chapman confirmed that the exchange is looking into trading in its huge Standard and Poor's one hundred stock index options pit last Tuesday to determine whether investors were overcharged for options during the day's chaotic trading
Mr. Reagan keeps heralding I. N. F. as history's first agreement to eliminate an entire class of U. S. nuclear missiles
Even as the stock market withered many analysts continued to advise clients that the fundamentals for grain were good Burdensome stockpiles were coming down and the Soviet Union was rumored buyer
A study by Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale had anticipated Daimler Benz sales of sixty nine billion marks for the year
As the dollar has fallen in recent years against such major currencies as the British pound and Japanese yen foreigners have taken huge currency losses on their American investments
Kodak's main photographic products film and photographic paper enjoyed strong sales in the first half and that momentum carried through the fiscal third quarter ended October fourth Mr. Prezzano said
Under its friendly takeover Hanson is buying each of Kidde's twenty six point seven million common shares for sixty dollars and ten cents cash stock in the Kidde unit being spun off plus one warrant to purchase a Hanson American depositary share
In country after country he recalled a resumption of economic growth followed on the heels of a particular currency's collapse that is its departure from some previous fixed rate of exchange with gold or other currency linked to gold
Our domestic industrial orders were up twenty five percent for the quarter ended September thirtieth and they've continued to show gains into October
Marion N. Russell the woman who lost her life savings says she subsisted for months on macaroni and cheese after her luck went bad
Mr. Sprinkel said on television yesterday that the administration is considering a proposal to freeze spending programs at last year's levels
The mayor W. Wilson Goode points out that his opponent former Mayor Frank L. Rizzo flunked a lie detector test thereby becoming a certifiable liar
On the old style stock exchange jobbers traders faced the howling pack bravely wrote Mr. Arbuthnot
But they may grow more slowly after last week's stock market debacle
Chrysler Corporation's U. S. contract doesn't expire until next year
President Reagan has named investment banker Nicholas F. Brady co head of Dillon Read and Company and a former appointed Republican senator from New Jersey as chairman of a yet to be completed three member study panel that will report to him by the end of the year
He said most of last week's heavy trading was done by big institutions which trade many shares per transaction
The number of cattle on feedlots as of October first rose ten percent from the same period a year earlier the Agriculture Department said
Traders initially tested the accord by driving the dollar to what were believed to be the lower and upper limits of the assigned range
Several offshore funds which aren't available to U. S. citizens also were hamstrung
Mr. Tasker said he does not believe the Tokyo market is entirely insulated from other markets
Russell G. Todd and Jesse Wong contributed to this article
Salomon said third quarter net fell seventy nine percent to twenty seven million dollars or eighteen cents a share from one hundred twenty eight million dollars or eighty five cents a share in the year earlier quarter
Both officials requested anonymity
But the tax reductions of nineteen eighty one didn't produce an increased savings rate they produced a Keynesian increase in consumption and a huge federal deficit that had to be financed by foreigners
So far this week the Mexican market seems yet again to have kept pace with the U. S. market albeit with a greater emphasis on the downside
If the stock market keeps going down maybe they will hold back says Mr. Sanada
Implicit in the elders' observations was the feeling that these former sixties radicals are still mid course having not yet repudiated the easygoing nihilism of that era
Senate Budget Chairman Lawton Chiles who hasn't been able to get his own committee to agree on more than token budget cuts all year called it very very good news
If you are going to persuade the general public by democratic means to undertake a restructuring of the national economy you cannot hide from them the reasons for doing so
With the assault on Robert Bork the U. S. political system took a descent into irrationality and left wing anti intellectualism
His prediction for the next three months is thirty eight percent
Though activity slowed down toward the end of the week mutual fund organizations said they expect to see more inflows into money market funds over the next week from investors who sold securities this past week
His vantage point however has changed
He added that the results show that Carbide's earnings momentum for future periods continues to accelerate
A small group of pilots also appeared at the hearing to complain that the pilots' union was pressuring them to take part in the slowdown
There is no passing or failing score
For all practical purposes we have phased out of it he said
Partly it's a flight to quality he said as investors have been unsettled by the gyrating equities prices
Reagan will quickly be given a short list of final choices when the Senate officially votes down Bork
When there was a disagreement I didn't know if it was personal or not Ms. Brownmiller recalls
Cash flow is considered more important than net income to a partnership because the company pays out its cash flow as a distribution
Revenue of two point four four billion dollars was approximately the same as a year earlier
The unit was part of Wickes at the time of its bankruptcy law filing
As for future developments Mr. Ross and several others who study investor behavior see little reason to expect individuals who acted irrationally before the crash to behave rationally in its aftermath
Shock particularly among young investors who have known nothing but euphoric profits in the past five years
In addition to the Nova New United Motors also known as Nummi builds two hundred Toyota F. X. models a day but doesn't plan production cuts of that line the spokesman said
But the fear of continuing financial turbulence if the talks fail will weigh heavily on the negotiators
The company sold the Dallas Times Herald and Graphic Controls Corporation last year and acquired the Baltimore Sun newspapers and other properties
Some analysts reported selling pressure from Hong Kong unit trusts
Wharf based in Calgary Alberta said in a statement that it believes Toronto based Dickenson also purchased additional Wharf shares since it made the filing
Mr. Reagan emphasized that he prefers to raise government revenue by enacting twenty two billion dollars in previous administration proposals which are mostly user fees and other non tax measures
One slab fell initially causing others to collapse when weight shifted to them and finally bringing down both towers
Montgomery Street Income Securities Incorporated said it intends to adjourn its special shareholders meeting until November or early December after receiving a proposal from Fred Alger Asset Management Incorporated to replace B. A. Investment Management Corporation as the assets manager of the closed end bond fund
Commodities Dow Jones futures index one hundred twenty eight point seven oh off zero point four one spot index one hundred twenty six point six oh up zero point three five
Deutsche Bank Capital Markets said it would be sole syndicator of the Eurofima issue
It's very exciting now
This money has switched mainly into money market funds cash equivalent accounts that invest in short term debt securities
Among the largest
Additionally privatization results in a lower economic standard of living for the individual worker and the community because the private sector skimps on entry level wages provides fewer benefits and offers less opportunity for advancement than does the public sector
Millipore which makes analytical and purification products earlier said in Bedford Massachusetts that it planned to use proceeds from the offering to reduce short term debt and for general corporate purposes
Weeds has no pretensions
This week they rushed forward with the unlikely theory that the markets are disappointed at Congress's failure to raise taxes
The sale part of the government's ambitious denationalization program was scheduled to begin Monday
Still the defense agency portrays the decision as a compromise because Japan initially wanted to design the whole plane from scratch
He spots the building addition at the First Baptist Church in Coleman and recalls with nostalgia his ejection from the Vacation Bible School for putting phony money in the collection plate
In each of the quarters so far this year each part of the company has shown year over year profit gains said Daniel Mandresh an analyst at Merrill Lynch and Company
The bank holding company said net rose to ninety five point nine million dollars or five dollars and twenty cents a share from the year earlier thirty two point six million dollars or one dollar and seventy three cents a share
Robert Connor a Smith Barney managing director says his firm plans to stick with its corporate image ads
But the music isn't the only touch of show business in the ads
After pro forma adjustments Conrail's net income amounted to fifty eight million dollars or eighty four cents a share in the third quarter up from fifty one million dollars or seventy four cents a share a year earlier
Among the hard hit issues is a one point one billion dollar package of debt by Burlington Holdings Incorporated which last month completed a leveraged buy out of Burlington Industries Incorporated
Kenneth Hagerty a lobbyist for the venture capital industry has already started making rounds on Capitol Hill arguing that the elimination of the tax break for long term capital gains contributed to the crash
Since nineteen eighty four he has even introduced illusionistic columns and cones into his large elaborate compositions thus moving even further away from the austere abstract purity on which his early reputation was based
Gifts from alumni parents and friends at Villanova College in Pennsylvania have more than doubled to four hundred ninety five thousand dollars in the first four months of the current fiscal year
You can sort of trace some of Pete's movements to turns in the country
Prior to the stock market crash long term U. S. interest rates had risen forty percent
Hesston Corporation said it has completed a previously announced joint venture with Case I. H. a unit of Houston based Tenneco Incorporated to design and make hay and forage equipment
There are no clear trends he complained yesterday
Dayton Hudson Corporation in what was widely viewed as a defensive move said it plans to buy as many as fifteen million shares or more than fifteen percent of its common stock
Brokerage stocks of course are in the eye of the storm on Wall Street people believe the firms will lose their shirts on their trading operations says Harvey Eisen of Integrated Asset Management
Australian shares were mixed with some industrial issues making sharp recoveries from Tuesday's slump as gold and other mining shares continued to slide despite some improvement in gold prices
Mr. Jacobs liquidated his position in Gillette Company two weeks ago after considering a proxy fight for the Boston based personal care products concern
For the year he said Foodmaker had about a fifty percent increase in net to about thirteen point eight million dollars compared with earnings of nine point two million dollars or eighty four cents a share earned in fiscal nineteen eighty six
Although congressional leaders and White House officials sound optimistic about progress in cutting the budget some analysts expect little
Nevertheless a lack of traders and liquidity fostered some severe price distortions
The two day meeting is to begin today
But even if the crisis is over the malady lingers on
When financial markets were closed here the futures market had eighty seven thousand four hundred contracts outstanding with a value of fifteen point seven billion Hong Kong dollars two billion dollars
But after stripping out unusual items in both the latest and year earlier periods profit from continuing operations about doubled as sales rose seven point seven percent
Far from it
Mr. Solow is known for his enthusiasm for baseball and sailing and for his sense of humor
A broad array of stocks rebounded yesterday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average posted another record gain in the third busiest session in history
In a sense that whole generation was Founding and when constituting a government it provided a system capable of amendment both constitutionally and statutorily
But someone at some time must attempt a new synthesis between the old and the new and when that is done the new will have to be purged of those idiocies so mercilessly destroyed in this remarkable book
The Titan award also marks the second time that the chemical and aerospace concern has been chosen over Morton Thiokol Incorporated for a major contract
I can't recall a single joke that worked
High performance motoring on turnpikes without speed limits is part of the national character
Olin a producer mainly of chemicals metal products and ammunition cited strength in chemical operations including commodity chemical price trends favorable to the company
Ms. Naismith told the lawmakers that since airlines were deregulated many carriers to reduce costs have contracted with other airlines or maintenance companies to perform maintenance
For the nine months Sears earnings rose thirty five percent to one point oh nine billion dollars or two dollars and eighty six cents a share from eight hundred eight point three million dollars or two dollars and seventeen cents a share a year earlier
Net interest income rose one point seven percent to four hundred ninety five point eight million dollars
The reason is simple
While the market had plummeted thirty six percent from its August twenty fifth high Ford's assets were down only fifteen percent
You don't change your planning based on a frantic one day sell off in the stock market says Orren Knauer director of investor relations at K. mart Corporation the nation's second largest retailer
PAYSOP PLANS for employee stock ownership may yet be simpler to end
And the earnings outlook barring a recession arising from the trauma in world financial markets is bright
Charles is a veteran stage actor who cheats on his wife Lydia is a musical comedienne who knows how to return the compliment their gifted daughter Martha gives Tallulah Bankhead a run for her money the less talented Edwin finally makes it as a silent film idol and Thomas the youngest writes scandalous plays until he himself is scandalized by the discovery that he is illegitimate
The issue was whether the military branches are subject to judicial review where civil rights are at stake
Dennis Jarrett a technical analyst with Kidder Peabody and Company said the market has reached a capitulation point
It proposed replacing those members with four directors chosen by the group
Brent Ward U. S. attorney in Salt Lake City and no relation to John Ward told United Press International that the government has been unable to determine the total amount of the alleged fraud
Mr. Dunn said We did very good business today
Last year's results didn't reflect such a provision
Adage Incorporated Billerica Massachusetts said it settled a copyright infringement lawsuit brought against it and Adra Systems Incorporated of Lowell Massachusetts by Lockheed Corporation's Cadam Incorporated unit of Burbank California
Johnson Worldwide Associates Incorporated a holding company based in Racine Wisc. began trading Class A common shares under the symbol JWAIA
Some predict cautious erratic trading that might drag on for weeks or months before a broad strong advance becomes possible again
Agassiz said it plans to retain its seven percent gross gold and silver royalty in the MacLellan mine
Asked whether he intended to make a decision soon on options prepared by his advisers Mr. Reagan said I've made it
What if anything may the stock market be telling us about the economic outlook
In doing so traders sold yen to buy dollars then sold dollars to buy marks
One of the biggest is whether local cable systems are willing to make way for yet another channel for which it would have to raise rates to subscribers
I am not dismayed because he is the nominee but because of the knee jerk prejudiced reaction that his nomination has provoked
Despite all the gains of recent years in the number of women candidates and officeholders a woman running for federal office still has to be better stronger and sharper than a male counterpart with all the same credentials if she is going to win concludes Ms. DiVall
The adjusted jobless rate has declined for fifteen consecutive months
Mr. Stoltenberg said at the time of the announcement that the withholding tax will improve compliance with the law and the government plans to use additional revenues from the levy to help finance tax cuts planned for nineteen ninety
The operator and franchiser of Mexican restaurants said it will buy about six point five million of its shares on the open market from time to time
But I doubt his yodeling maidens splashed around in a watery realm as shimmering as the Met's
One of the latest of these was held in Washington earlier this month by the Cato Institute a libertarian conservative research group
All three business segments specialty chemicals natural resources and general businesses contributed to the higher results in the latest period
Also the department's retail sales estimates are based on a relatively small sample of reports and frequently are revised substantially as more data are collected
Data Systems will no longer be responsible for a large segment of revenue generated by sales of modems and multiplexers devices that tie computers and phones to phone lines
But for now the securities industry in Tokyo is still expanding
That follows jumps of about twenty percent in each of the first two quarters
The company also said that fifteen percent of its administrative positions have been eliminated
In Miami Robin Matell Eastern's vice president for corporate communications said that the airline wouldn't respond to specific allegations by Messrs.
ANPA the newspaper association said that it had negotiated for many months with U. S. West other regional phone companies and information service providers
Negotiations for the latter collapsed after widespread reports Wednesday night that a deal was imminent
Real estate prices have run so wild that many people can't afford to buy a home or apartment
The administration's highly publicized AIDS commission is in disarray
Says Joseph R. Hardiman the president of the National Association of Securities Dealers There's going to be a culture shock for many of these young people who have come to expect these high salaries to finance their high life styles
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing Entwistle an industrial machinery maker said it holds two hundred fifty four thousand shares of Anaren an East Syracuse N. Y. maker of microwave receiver systems for the defense industry including two hundred forty nine thousand shares purchased from September eighth to last Monday for seven point six two five dollars to seven point eight seven five dollars each
At the Commodity Exchange in New York gold for December delivery after rising as high as four hundred seventy two dollars and fifty cents an ounce closed at four hundred sixty seven dollars and eighty cents up two dollars
It's had a considerable chilling effect said Peter Canellos of Wachtell Lipton Rosen and Katz
Ford Motor Company in three separate actions said it is recalling one hundred eighteen thousand seven hundred cars to repair faulty emissions control systems and a further five thousand five hundred vehicles to repair defective rear suspensions
The figures apply to single family home mortgages maturing in twenty five years or more
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday Times Mirror shares closed at ninety one dollars down two point three seven five dollars
But others say remarks yesterday by Fed and Treasury officials have muddied the outlook and some forecasters insist it would be a mistake for the Fed to tighten credit again
Control Data said yesterday its starter set prices reflect the capabilities of its highly automated manufacturing plant in Saint Paul Minnesota where the breadboard sized central processors can be turned out in volume
Frank A. Olson who was named chairman and chief executive of Allegis and chief executive of United last June plans to return to Hertz when a replacement is found for him
Squeezed into twenty crates the birds took up most of the seats and spilled into the restroom
But he said that the report seemed to suggest an ideal world and that OSHA is subject to limitations on technological human and financial resources and because of the need for privacy
But it also would prevent the government from collecting the deferred taxes so long as these companies remain at least fifty percent family owned
Pontiac stands for performance and Honda for quality but Nissan doesn't have a strong corporate image says auto analyst John Hammond of J. D. Power and Associates a California market research firm
But Bundesbank officials yesterday said the repurchase agreement rate was driven up in this case by higher bids from German banks that apparently expect rising interest rates
Since then scientists at the University of Houston Bell Labs and elsewhere have confirmed it and greatly improved the superconductors by altering I. B. M.'s original formula
By pandering to the rebel within advertisers hope to seem intuitive with it
As previously reported Motorola said it expects to be indicted or plead guilty to charges that it improperly billed the government for certain defense contracts
A. M. R.'s stock price has fallen twenty two percent since August
To help East Germany obtain Enfield anti riot weapons from Britain Mr. Najm al Din allegedly had papers prepared showing an African country as the ultimate purchaser of one hundred fifteen of the weapons
Varlen Corporation said it abandoned its proposed acquisition of Nyloncraft Incorporated because the two companies weren't able to come to final terms
Saturday October twenty fourth ten to eleven p. m. E. D. T. on H. B. O. repeated October twenty seventh thirty and November dates T. B. A. H. B. O. World Stage Billy Joel From Leningrad U. S. S. R.
The economy is badly unbalanced and will continue to confound those expecting a slowdown says P. N. C. Financial Corporation economist Stuart Hoffman
She walks her Doctor Ford through the picture in a daze as though she's mesmerized by the cadence of the words her husband has put in her mouth
Although reaction to the devices has been cool in some quarters a growing number of businesses are resorting to them to protect costly employees from time consuming and sometimes annoying outside callers
One of his rivals Senator Paul Simon points out that Mr. Gore has voted against Nicaragua's Contras on eighteen out of twenty occasions
Lawmakers and all those concerned with overcoming the stigma attached to mental illness should give mental health professionals the chance to participate in the inception and administration of these community facilities
Former A. T. and T. executives have said the lack of a sales force reporting directly to the computer business has been one of A. T. and T.'s main problems in computers
The ram had taken a liking to the rocky slopes around the lumbering town and the rare animal had become a local attraction
We are dependent on the kindness of the tenants says Mrs. Quanqui who owns about three hundred seventy five acres of rice and coconut land
Mr. Hariz implicated with Mr. Atta in the attack on the bus and currently serving a life sentence on murder charges gave Israeli police a lengthy account of terrorist activities
September sixth Istanbul Synagogue is attacked twenty two die six are wounded
Directors haven't set any time limit for accepting or rejecting the bid
Yesterday Fed officials gave fresh indications that a discount rate increase isn't imminent
Tandy also is based in Fort Worth
We do not believe that Dart has the ability to put the financing in place to acquire Dayton Hudson said Kenneth A. Macke the company's chairman and chief executive officer
I. N. R. says thirty five percent of all real estate inquiries come from motorists who spot for sale signs while driving
These are blowout numbers said David Readerman an analyst who follows the personal computer industry for Smith Barney Harris Upham and Company in New York
The book also contends that the faculty and school at times do case studies which some companies like to have written about them because of the prestige attached to entice multimillion dollar contributions from companies for the school or to get consulting contracts for the professors
There continue to be complaints that Japan which derives much of its oil supplies from the region should bear more of the costs for protecting the sea lanes
The governor's schedules noted the evenings it was his turn to be home with their two sons or when he had to attend parent teacher conferences at their schools
Southfield Michigan based Federal Mogul which makes parts for the automotive farm equipment construction manufacturing and aerospace industries will sell its forty percent stake in N. T. N. Bower Corporation to its partner in the venture N. T. N. Toyo Bearing Company of Osaka Japan
A metric ton is equal to one point one U. S. short tons or two thousand two hundred four point six pounds
In addition to Messrs.
He didn't rule out additional job cutbacks later as part of management's ongoing review of N. B. C. operations
It will be aired in Canada beginning November eighth
Even if the Fed doesn't act some analysts expect banks to raise their prime lending rates again soon probably half a percentage point to nine and three quarters percent
If one assumes an average lead time before the next recession and using last February's reading as the expansionary high for bonds the slump would arrive in December of next year a month after the national elections
Currently ERISA pre empts state laws that purport to require self insured employers to share in risk pool losses which makes most state risk pools impractical
Ma Rainey was concerned with the nineteen twenties when black musicians were beginning to find a voice in show business but were still faced with fearful discrimination both inside and outside the profession
When the news came from Sweden Monday night that Susumu Tonegawa had won this year's Nobel Prize in medicine Japan basked in the glory
They were docked here aboard their disabled ship waiting to collect back wages and airfare home
Shipowners have enough problems without some inspector checking on whether there is good housekeeping for the crew says Clayton Wentworth a retired American insurance executive who serves as deputy commissioner of the Republic of Vanuatu's ship registry
Hinderliter said it obtained the option through an agreement with Joseph E. Peter one of Vortec's founders and certain members of his family who hold the shares and together are Vortec's largest holders
I do what I can
After this container law reared its ugly head he says he sold a couple of thousand in one month alone in the Dallas Fort Worth area
There's no way you can make big money in it says Denys Firth an executive director for Morgan Stanley and Company in London
In the first half Cleveland Cliffs had a loss of twenty seven million dollars including a seventeen point eight million dollar charge primarily from the write down of oil and gas drilling rigs
If parents with such income provide over half a working child's support both the dependency deduction on their return and the exemption on their child's return may be lost
Mr. Greenspan said this revival has been due partly to an extraordinary shift currently under way in the nation's trade balance as exports rise and domestic producers gain an increasing share of the U. S. market
Showboat Casino opened in March
It's been a revolution says Roger Jospe senior executive vice president of Drexel Burnham Lambert International Incorporated in London
He's the chief decision maker said Ben Crabtree an analyst with Dain Bosworth in Minneapolis
The company also said it expects to report that third quarter earnings increased about two hundred sixty seven percent from three hundred forty eight thousand dollars or nine cents a share on revenue of one point four million dollars in the year earlier quarter
Vicorp Restaurants Incorporated Denver said it extended an exchange offer for its convertible preferred stock to November twentieth and amended the offer to reflect a preferred dividend to be paid October twenty sixth
Some of his duties were assumed by Joni Evans who recently joined Random House from Simon and Schuster Incorporated
Despite the plan the White House is pushing for more Contra aid arguing that without military pressure the Sandinista government will have little incentive to pursue peace or internal reforms
The annual premium for a policy on a two hundred thousand dollar home would be about two hundred seventy dollars. A typical homeowners' policy would cost another four hundred forty dollars to six hundred eighty three dollars
Ms. Corday said she was disappointed but not surprised by the action and said she hadn't made any plans yet
If the I. N. S. discovers her illegal status and orders her back to Mexico she won't return alone but with her entire family of Mexicans and Americans she said
However F. M. C. will have options to acquire as much as one hundred percent of the new company which will sell equipment for the petroleum industry
This decreases investment interest said Dinsa Mehta chief bullion trader at Chase Manhattan Bank in New York
The union's Mr. White said he expects a new contract would be settled prior to the strike deadline
What makes Mrs. Zaslavskaya all the more interesting is her forthright approach
But this time he has a cause without a client
Following the stock sale a Banco de Credito spokesman said employees with holdings of less than fourteen thousand one hundred dollars apiece own fifty point nine percent of the bank
Chronar shares closed yesterday at eleven dollars down twelve point five cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Now we know where we're playing
Gold was quoted at four hundred fifty eight dollars and ninety five cents an ounce in early trading today in Hong Kong
This shocking claim was based on his unanimous ruling in Oil Chemical and Atomic Workers International v.
They are setting up a huge oil wild catting operation to be financed by a big overseas new issue underwriting
Sales at stores open at least a year dropped one percent
The rise from the year earlier month slowed from July's fourteen point one percent increase
But if a thin steel is to be formed by presses it must have high tensile strength and malleability
ENGINEERS WANTED They're in hot demand as are some other specialists
The minks' willingness to eat such normally inedible material makes them a significant market for the waste products of other industries including the businesses that supply nearly a billion pounds of reject eggs fisheries scrap and packinghouse wastes annually
One source who requested anonymity noted striking similarities between Mr. Maxwell's plans and a plan put forward some time ago by former West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt
But Doctor Carr was put off by practice in Columbus
Life was so hard then
A two tier system would give greater official scope to the market value of the currency as opposed to the fixed rate desired for foreign trade
Mr. Barthelme's stories are surreal collages witty juxtapositions of bits and pieces of contemporary life the verbal detritus of the mass media commercial culture fashionable psychobabble played off against the fading background of European literature art and philosophy
The distinction that Price is trying to create among salaries is somewhat artificial says Edward A. Kangas managing partner of Touche Ross and Company a major U. S. accounting firm
He hasn't employed a P. R. person in thirty years
Another reads Stephen F. Gaskill Over the Rainbow ten slash twelve slash fifty two to six slash seventeen slash eighty five
Incredible to recall the Times editorialized within days of Mr. Bork's nomination to the appellate bench Mr.
One of the worst accidents occurred in Singapore in December nineteen seventy eight when the Spyros exploded in a shipyard killing eighty three and injuring forty six
This is the first I've heard of it
I am not a mystic and I do not yearn to lead a crusade he said
It mandates an inspection of virtually every industrial or commercial parcel before it can be sold plus if necessary a cleanup that satisfies special state inspectors
Ralph Mabey an independent court appointed examiner who has overseen Robins's affairs in the bankruptcy law proceedings told the judge that beginning in March the company without authorization had slackened its efforts to recover the payments
Back when he was bouncing around the nether reaches of pro football Mr. Kemp was waived to the Buffalo Bills in nineteen sixty two for one hundred dollars
Nobody was there to buy late in the day
But the change faces bitter opposition from environmentalists and key members of Congress
Castle Rock will become an asset of Columbia Pictures Entertainment a Coca Cola subsidiary when the Atlanta based parent company completes its previously announced merger of its entertainment business operations with Tri Star Pictures
Washington's receptive posture toward democratic alternatives is refreshing but it seems to stem largely from a belated realization that indiscriminate support for autocrats has been counterproductive
In the fiscal first half ended September thirty first Japan's trade surplus narrowed to forty point one two billion dollars from forty six point three six billion dollars a year earlier
The Comex which currently trades gold silver and copper contracts decided to introduce financial futures because it intends to diversify Mr. Brody said
It's time to reassess the situation said Management Council spokesman John Jones who declined to comment on Mr. Upshaw's proposal
The document drafted by lawmakers from both the ruling and opposition parties following nationwide demonstrations in June was approved two hundred fifty four to four
The Navy is the prosecuting attorney and the judge complains Alfred Lutter senior vice president of National Steel and Shipbuilding Company a unit of Morrison Knudsen Company
Undaunted I asked for the customer service department
The purchase comes as Mr. Culverhouse accumulated a forty nine point seven percent interest in Florida Commercial and was pressing for a special shareholders meeting at which he would seek to oust the bank's board
Mr. McHenry and others maintain that large companies need to alter management roles so that individual executives can better be held accountable for performance across product categories not just brands
Much of the current thinking on civil rights has been crippled by the confusion between a colorblind society and a colorblind Constitution
The market's high level and volatility make analysts wary of picking individual stocks
The book follows Mingolla and his lover a rebel named Debora as the two powerful drug enhanced psychics are sucked into the war's black labyrinths which reek of blood and history
The offer came after Irving management had rebuffed attempts by J. Carter Bacot chairman of Bank of New York to arrange a friendly merger of the two banks into what would be the nation's eleventh largest bank holding company
The lobbying pays off nationally and locally
Then Mr. DeAngelis fell fast and hard
The I. T. T. Corporation chairman recently signed an agreement with publisher Henry Holt Incorporated to deliver a book recounting his years at I. T. T. in particular his nineteen eighty five battle with corporate raiders
The proposal must be approved by a majority of the four commissioners but such approval routinely is granted
We now see that any good to come out of the tax reform is just going to be taken away again somewhere else a statement from the Federation of German Savings Banks said
The Grumman spokesman says the vans were test driven for twenty four thousand miles on a track in Laredo Texas that contained thirty five thousand potholes
The court upheld a nine year old California statute that requires employers to grant women disability leave for pregnancy and childbirth and to guarantee to reinstate them in the same or similar jobs
He tries cars out to see how they work including his competitor's cars
Accordingly other large Silicon Valley chip makers have bounded back into the black
The White House also is encouraging a weaker dollar in another though probably unintended way
SECURITY PACIFIC CORPORATION denied reports in London that it is discussing merging its London stockbroking unit Hoare Govett Limited with MORGAN GRENFELL GROUP P. L. C. or planning a takeover bid for the big British merchant bank
U. S. Sprint a long distance telephone joint venture between G. T. E. Corporation and United Telecommunications Incorporated plans to consolidate its seven divisions into three eliminating certain staff jobs
Many corporations that had hoped the recent rise in interest rates would be temporary now are convinced the bond market slump could continue for at least many months
The Semiconductor Industry Association said the industry's book to bill ratio was one point oh four at the end of September off slightly from the revised one point oh six ratio for the close of August
A revenue passenger mile represents one paying passenger flown one mile
Per share earnings three cents versus six cents
Moody's said Equitable's strategy of continuing to expand its operating lease portfolio with an emphasis on high margin value added products will put more pressure on its ability to manage collateral risk
The agency said it uncovered the violations during an inspection conducted last year
Managers say they hope to squeeze more productivity out of custom designed robot welders and through Japanese style quality circles and work teams
We want the shares back
Opinion polls during the election showed Britons still want a very high level of service from their government
To the delight of delegates Mr. Lawson agreed with criticism of the present tax treatment of married women
That would be in line with projections by financial analysts
Saatchi recently approached the British merchant bank Hill Samuel Group P. L. C. and the British commercial bank Midland Bank P. L. C. about potential takeovers but was rebuffed both times
A federal indictment this year charged former I. M. C. President Miguel E. Recarey Junior with conspiracy and bribery in connection with an attempt to win a contract from a labor union
We have many excellent dealers at the Bank of Tokyo and he was one of them says Hiroshi Hayashi Mr. Wakabayashi's former boss at Bank of Tokyo
Among the possible transactions to be considered according to the filing is a leveraged buy out
We have not only the greatest collection in the world but Duchamp has been a very important artist to the museum since the forties
Mr. Michalski previously vice president programs management at the San Jose California based division succeeds Vincent J. Battaglia who resigned
Other steelmakers citing higher scrap costs imposed smaller increases in bar prices earlier this month
The government said its shares are to be purchased by a group of underwriters led by Wood Gundy Incorporated and Dominion Securities Incorporated both of Toronto
I think it's premature to call this the death of the consumer Mr. Edelman said
Hawaii has an exemption and Massachusetts was planning to seek one
The campaign against Judge Bork was more despicable in degree but in contemporary Washington all too typical in kind
one hundred million dollars of Centrust Savings Bank mortgage backed bonds due in ten years
The department forecast tobacco production of one point two three billion pounds fractionally higher than last month's projection and six percent higher than last year's crop
He said the company intends to focus on its computer core disk and tape controller businesses
The action is designed to increase capital and common stock liquidity Columbia said
Retaining about eighty three percent of the company Mr. LeBow's investment is valued today at about two hundred forty million dollars based on the twelve dollar a share offering price
Although some Jones Day lawyers still feel that terminals are simply new fangled typewriters that should be used only by secretaries or clerks the transition to computers for tasks beyond word processing has been smooth many lawyers say
But a fresh look at data culled from ten academic studies suggests that these actions merely pay lip service to a larger and clearly unmet problem a business climate that condones malfeasance
Industrial machining tools protected with a diamond film would perform better and last longer than current tools tipped with flecks of industrial diamond
Today he says breakfasts are twenty percent of McDonald's sales McNuggets about eight percent and hamburgers thirty three percent
However Walter Loeb who follows the retailing industry for Morgan Stanley had a more sanguine view
STOCK INDEXES Wednesday's respite gave way to Thursday's rout as the stock and stock index futures markets plunged in active trading
The giveaways are causing some confusion among recipients though
Top Fed officials indicated they don't see any need now for raising the discount rate
In pay G. M. agreed to give all workers a three percent base wage raise in the first year of the contract and three percent lump sum payments in the last two years matching Ford's commitment
But the Huntsville Alabama based computer aided design systems concern said it intends to aggressively pursue the microprocessor market by selling the chips to other users as well
As we approach the twenty first century social entrepreneurs recognize that motives and methods of our industrial era businesses must change
Daimler Benz fell six to seven hundred thirty one point five oh marks three hundred ninety nine dollars and twelve cents a share and Bayerische Motoren Werke eased two point five oh to one thousand sixty one
I guess they tend to take long baths
But by the time the loan papers were signed the Ministry of Fishing reported that it was low on catfish
This would involve cutting subsidies that encourage production and a renegotiation of tariffs that serve to distort agriculture markets
Getting the gaze just right neither cross eyed nor splayed is a crucial part of the process and one of the hardest
But Mr. Woodward has little taste for abstractions or for reflections upon institutions
They still have holes in their map just like we do
But the Soviets have baited a number of new lines to Israel to Egypt to Iran and are actively tending them
What distinguishes us from a totalitarian society
Metropolitan Securities is a registered broker dealer specializing in risk arbitrage trading and trading of stock options stock indexes and convertibles
He let the opposition claim it had killed the bill in exchange for allowing it to be considered again at a later date
It declined to name them although Japan's largest companies including DaiIchi Kangyo Bank Fuji Bank Sumitomo Bank and Mitsubishi Bank are believed to be involved
He recommends that investors type their redemption letter and get their signature guaranteed by a commercial bank which some funds require
That's where I see our future role Mr. Kuhlmann says
DynCorp shares closed yesterday at twenty five dollars up eighty seven point five cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
A film crew is shooting in the bathroom of the courthouse down the street
The director yells cut the set rumbles with yucks and claps
Several recent events involving the Consumer Product Safety Commission illustrate these points
But we haven't seen one
There were fifty eight municipal upgrades last quarter affecting fifteen point four billion dollars of debt compared with thirty three upgrades affecting four point seven billion dollars of debt in the second quarter
As announced earlier the remaining three airframe manufacturers will collaborate with two designated engine makers United Technologies Corporation's Pratt and Whitney unit and Rockwell International in producing components for ground testing in nineteen ninety
Standard and Poor's Corporation said it made two changes in the stocks on which its five hundred stock index is based
I. C. H. acquired a nine point six percent interest in First Executive last October
It's a mission
U. S. companies are digging out of the red according to new data from the Central Opera Service of New York's Metropolitan Opera
Mr. Beall who was visiting a Rockwell plant yesterday in North Carolina is very much the master of his ship said Mr. Demisch of First Boston
The meeting came as a group of Southern Democrats said they would vote against Bork bringing the number of announced opponents close to a Senate majority
On the American Stock Exchange the average issue lost zero point six zero percent as decliners outnumbered gainers by four hundred twelve to two hundred thirteen
The dirt grease and imprecise connections absolutely affect reliability he says
He thinks nineteen eighty eight sales will jump to one point seven billion dollars from an estimated one point two billion dollars this year
Because of problems like that every trade receivable backed issue so far has involved a one hundred percent guarantee from insurers or from banks
Jardine Strategic Holdings is a forty six percent owned affiliate of Jardine Matheson Holdings Limited a Hong Kong company with interests in financial services engineering and construction
There are now one hundred thirteen million people earning a paycheck a gain of two point seven percent over last year's one hundred ten million
He's still boyish but there are plenty of wrinkles around those deep set blue eyes
The offering will be divided evenly between thirteen week and twenty six week bills which will be dated October fifteenth and will mature January fourteenth and April fourteenth respectively
In these cases an airline's prospects for setting up competing service are frequently dependent on the incumbent airline's willingness to sublease the very gate and terminal space that is going to force the incumbent to price more competitively
Another factor that some analysts believe may delay any increase in the discount rate is the government offering of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation shares in November
The numbing sameness of merchandise is blurring the distinct fashion images that once set each specialty retailer apart
This operation to reduce in eighteen months by two hundred billion Belgian francs the fiscal deficit shall have achieved the result at the end of the year the eight point one percent and the goal for next year is seven point four percent of G. N. P.
Mr. Hart also pointed to another finding showing that thirty seven percent of the manufacturers viewed the future as the best time to locate a plant offshore while thirty six percent viewed the past as best
The president can veto but he can't fund the Army the Navy the Air Force and the Marine Corps he announced
The indictment said Mr. Palma shared in the alleged kickbacks but he was not criminally charged
In nineteen eighty five in an effort to regain lost market share Saudi Arabia moved to net back pricing an arrangement under which refiners were charged for Saudi crudes according to the wholesale value of the products that could be processed from the oil
Azmi a taxi driver weaving through Cairo's dense traffic past dozens of election posters featuring Mr. Mubarak shared Mr. Aziz's view
Goodyear has been producing its profitable high performance tires at its Union City Tennessee plant
More significant however was the negative vote of Democratic Senator Howell Heflin of Alabama viewed by his colleagues and the White House as the chief guidepost for other undecided senators who must take a position when the nomination reaches the Senate floor
But this too became the subject of an internal tug of war
Some provisions needlessly would delay collection of hundreds of millions perhaps billions in overdue taxes he says while others would frustrate taxpayers by mandating but not funding added services
The company said it is responsible for settling the claims because the refining and marketing arm of the former Diamond Shamrock was responsible for crude oil purchases
He had been president and general manager of public television stations in San Antonio and Austin Texas
Texaco Incorporated remains as difficult to settle as on the day in November nineteen eighty five that the history making verdict was handed up
The U. K. pharmaceutical concern currently can only give the medicine away in tests
Canada Post Corporation a government owned agency is using temporary employees at strike bound plants and is refusing to allow strikers back to work immediately in some areas
Neither he nor other company officials were immediately available to elaborate
Thus higher bidding narrows the investor's return while lower bidding widens it
The aspartame allowed people to achieve mouth pleasure without adding calories and that improved compliance with their diets said George Blackburn who led the study
There is no evidence that AIDS can be transmitted by a human bite or by saliva for that matter
Net income two hundred twenty six point seven million dollars four dollars and two cents a share
In Boston the granite veneer of the twenty eight State Street high rise had to be secured with bolts bored into the backup concrete because the granite panels were becoming loose
After those determinations are made and the public learns how the regime will be implemented this kind of wild speculation will end
Where is everybody
If we never have to do it fine
My explanation that Madame Karenina was a product of Leo Tolstoy's imagination elicited blank stares and happily some curiosity in learning Tolstoy's identity
It's quite a game they have to play among themselves to make sure the right currencies are available and after that to create between them the total solidarity which they have to have
Last year about a third of its net income came from a hodgepodge of twenty two companies purveying nonbank financial services such as insurance and discount securities brokerage
Mr. Bloom couldn't be reached for comment
Particularly noteworthy are a superbly dignified Dogon equestrian figure a beautifully modeled terra cotta head from the ancient Nigerian Nok culture and a ferocious forest spirit mask from the Guere of Liberia bedecked with horns and teeth and feathers the very incarnation of terror
He said stock listings on the London and Amsterdam stock exchanges are being considered for Polygram for a later date
That theme has been accepted more and more
Mr. Wall became Bank Board chairman July first
There was almost no suggestion in the debate that Parker's unquestioned personal integrity and legal scholarship were enough to carry the day
When men who had become positive by the older tests were restudied they all had much earlier evidence of infection going back as long as fourteen months
The H. M. O.s are simply rolling over them
In the coming months K. mart will launch a Martha Stewart media blitz with television commercials print advertising displays in its two thousand two hundred stores and perhaps even a television special on holiday entertaining
The Treasury Department is concerned about the bill because it would require the Internal Revenue Service to share sales tax data filed by merchants with state tax collectors thus inviting public suspicion about the confidentiality of federal tax returns
That will become particularly important in nineteen eighty eight which industry analysts expect will be a tough competitive year
Their son was born ten weeks later
Terms weren't disclosed
The sellers are four shareholders including Richard Atkinson president and chief executive officer of Getty a mineral exploration company
Elsewhere Facet Enterprises Incorporated said it plans to offer fifty million dollars of convertible subordinated debentures due two thousand two
Mr. Christie added The underlying trend of nineteen eighty seven shows total construction contracting still maintaining last year's strong pace
After the reserve increase Manufacturers Hanover's equity base dropped to two point three percent
Brian Carty executive director of the Massachusetts Industrial Finance Agency is annoyed by people who come off with expertise they don't have
Home Owners Federal Savings and Loan Association said it will complete its acquisition of Union Warren Savings Bank tomorrow for fifty dollars a share or one hundred five million dollars
Last Friday G. E. Credit Corporation agreed to acquire Gelco for thirty five dollars a share or about two hundred fifty million dollars
Reflecting this uncertainty as well as fear of tighter credit the gap between yields on ten year and thirty year notes and bonds has narrowed to about zero point one zero percentage point recently from as much as zero point two two percentage point in August
We are suffering
In the auto sector Daimler Benz declined five to one thousand seventy six and Volkswagen fell four point five oh to three hundred eighty
The justices left intact a federal court order holding former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos and his wife Imelda in civil contempt for failing to provide records to a grand jury
After Allegis which was forced to break itself up even corporate giants become nervous when aggressive investors hold major stakes analysts say
The reset notes are due nineteen ninety two but can be extended to nineteen ninety nine at the option of S. P. I.
In trading Friday on the Toronto Stock Exchange Rogers Communications' Class B. common shares closed at twenty five point six two five Canadian dollars nineteen dollars and sixty one cents up fifty cents
Noting that the two superpowers soon will try to negotiate new limits on intercontinental missiles Senator Nunn described the provision as an interim restraint
This indicates that we're really serious about our enforcement efforts and we expect more notices to come said Duke Austin an I. N. S. spokesman in Washington
And the man in charge of hiring kept turning down Mel Blanc
That translated into approximately three thousand three hundred research contracts totaling four hundred million dollars in fiscal nineteen eighty seven which ended September thirtieth
The Toronto Star has paid circulation of five hundred twenty three thousand and the Toronto Sun two hundred eighty nine thousand
Saudis use barley as feed grain for sheep camels goats and poultry
The Trade Show Bureau says eighty percent of all shows require less than forty thousand square feet and forty six percent need only ten thousand square feet or less
But under the original terms British Gas would have received an option to gain a fifty one percent stake by nineteen ninety by acquiring for twenty four dollars each or seven hundred ninety two million dollars a further thirty three million new Bow Valley shares
Sixty intis please
This astonishing display of MIRVed glasnost comes as the world is judging the proposed agreement on intermediate range missiles
And doctors now expect to see a flood of second rate or inadequately tested drugs developed by companies that lack Biotherapeutics' scientific rigor
The new designs were attractive but paid little attention to the expanded computer installations
The occasion seems strangely joyless
Bankers also told the Brazilians that interest arrears should be regularized as soon as possible
Mining jobs including those in oil and gas extraction increased by four thousand in September the eighth consecutive monthly rise
In several recent surveys many analysts predicted higher inflation will lead to even higher interest rates in coming months
It said there are other investors interested in taking a stake though it wouldn't say who and added that it hopes to reduce its own involvement to a minority position sometime soon
New offerings may include one billion Australian dollars seven hundred ten point three million dollars of convertible bonds by Bell Resources Company the main company of Australian Robert Holmes a Court
The stock also figures in the government's investigation of Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated according to people familiar with that investigation
The New Rochelle N. Y. maker of pressure sensitive tape has said that it considered the shares a good investment at nine dollars each and that it has secured financing
G. E. said that its agency for G. E. brand consumer electronics B. B. D. O. International Incorporated a unit of Omnicom Group Incorporated had agreed to the review
The discount rate is the fee the Fed charges on loans to financial institutions
But you don't want to have four of them sneaking up on you
Mr. Reagan predicted the pact will create thousands of jobs and serve as an important model for other nations
T. S. B. nevertheless moved quickly to acquire a substantial stake buying twenty nine point nine percent of the company Friday for an estimated two hundred twenty four point three million pounds
Texaco is close to completing negotiation on the plan with the general creditors committee
Spokesmen for General Dynamics and McDonnell Douglas said their companies hadn't yet received official notice from either the U. S. or Japanese governments on Japan's decision and therefore couldn't comment
September marked the fourteenth consecutive month that the index has registered above fifty percent a level that indicates the economy is expanding
A federal aviation expert says those percentages are still in the ballpark today
Mr. Einhorn expects that for the next six months or so investors might do better in buying government notes that mature in three to four years and yield nearly nine percent rather than settle for relatively unrewarding gains in the stock market
S. H. V. and Burmah said they were considering making an approach to Calor which may lead to an offer for Calor slightly above Wednesday's closing Calor price of five hundred pence eight dollars and thirteen cents a share
It is part of Bristol Myers's U. S. pharmaceutical and nutritional group
Frankfurt shares closed higher in active trading led by blue chip chemical and electrical issues
Since nineteen seventy three when the association began a financial assistance program for them the number of black cane growers has more than quadrupled to about twenty one thousand
A trend did not materialize however and Chicago's lonely gridiron pacifism ended in nineteen sixty nine when varsity football returned to the campus on the grassy Midway of which the Maroons were the first and only rightful Monsters in their Big Ten salad days
Now I've laughed at toilet jokes in my time
The Canadian union didn't seek job guarantees it sees improved pensions as a better way to deal with potential auto job losses in an industry downturn
Charterhouse Group New York is an investment holding company
The C. B. S. board met informally yesterday for the second time in a month to consider a proposal from Sony Corporation of Japan to buy C. B. S. Records for about two billion dollars
Goldman's decision is likely to intensify competition in the hotly contested field of commercial paper a form of short term unsecured financing used by many companies
The association's pronouncement of the slump's end wasn't a surprise industry leaders and leading indicators of semiconductor shipments have suggested for months that a recovery has been in the making and its projections were generally praised as realistic by industry analysts
Since we cannot discipline ourselves you must do it for us
it's going to be overwhelming against Bork among the Southern group
True the contract says the company must replace one of every two workers who retire quit or die
Mr. Eakin of Gundle agrees that sand poses a risk
Carl Peck a physician and pharmacologist from the Department of Defense who will head one of the sections said the motivation for the change is twofold improving the drug approval process and providing a special focus for AIDS related biologics
P. J. Collins a Jardine Matheson director said the criticism isn't fair
Equally incredible regulators say is the fact that banks sometimes fall for the most audacious of scam artists
For one thing some seeming tax increases can bring in less revenue
The American Stock Exchange noting a large short position in shares of Home Shopping Network Incorporated cautioned brokerage firms that they should be able to make delivery of shares if required
Mr. Broome vice president and controller of Transamerica Corporation San Francisco said departing auditors should only disclose material disagreements with company management
As a president Mr. Simon says he would no more compromise his principles than he would dream of discarding the old fashioned fashions that are his political calling card
Eileen White contributed to this article
In a statement Decision a provider of computer equipment and services said it decided that discussions with Econocom at this time are inconsistent with its planned activities and strategic objectives
Beebe and Wolfe didn't tell the banks and thrifts from which they got the loans that they planned jointly to launch a separate business selling racehorse tax shelters in which they hoped to reap a ten million dollar profit
Firms who are seeking a seat however say lower fees are not the major issue
If the government's lackluster sale of nine point two six billion dollars of two year notes last Tuesday is a harbinger of the four year and six year note sales next week the outlook isn't good he said adding that the absence of Japanese participation continues to haunt the U. S. bond market
But Salomon now finds itself threatened by Mr. Perelman a corporate raider looking to exploit the company's lackluster stock price
Shares of McCaw the major independent currently trade at about seventy dollars a pop
The quake the most serious in the state since nineteen seventy one was centered about ten miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles and registered between five point eight and six point one on the Richter scale scientists at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena said
A team of Nomura executives from Tokyo visited New York on Wednesday according to sources at Nomura
After the split and offering about sixty nine point eight million shares will be outstanding
Every time she lifted her legs to step over a curb Lois Deville grimaced with the pain of her shinsplints
GEN PROBE INCORPORATED said it began an initial public offering of two point five million common shares priced at seven dollars each
Whatever problems remain most importers and businessmen here say anything is better than the corruption of the old days
Sunday October fourth nine to eleven p. m. E. D. T. on C. B. S. Mistress
Previously the department put the July increase at zero point five percent
Liberal constitutional scholars have struggled to explain why certain groups are entitled to special judicial protection a struggle Judge Bork has ridiculed
I am trained as a philosopher and with him utterly repudiate the notion that ethics can be value free
I just played dumb says Mr. Chin who now parks elsewhere on Saturday
Justice Blackman who had voted with the majority in the Usery case changed his opinion
You would've had to beg and show that you really didn't need the loan
Their task may be easier now that someone's actually gone and used that four letter word
Executives at the Pennaco Hosiery division of Esmark the marketer of Round the Clock figure they can only benefit from a little controversy
Understandably no Iago made for quite a gap in the plot
There are some stirrings there the question is how far they want to go with it said a senior international monetary official
Superregionals' earnings don't show any signs of ebbing and the pace of mergers seems likely to quicken as more barriers to interstate banking fall
Critics including the Reagan administration and some major business organizations say legislating parenting leave and pay equity are flawed ideas whether done under state or federal law
In sum the judge said the government failed to show a substantial connection between the property it wanted to seize and narcotics violations
The proposal to sell the plant has in turn enticed two of the nation's largest investor owned utilities to propose radically different futures for the district setting the stage for an unprecedented battle which was inconceivable before the industry's recent trend toward deregulation
The dollar yesterday closed at one hundred forty six point five five against the yen
No one firm however was able to capture more than an eight point one percent market share
Tech slash Ops Incorporated said it plans to split into two separate companies giving holders stock in each
I said That's nice but I'm from Swaziland
According to the Dow Jones News Service Olympia and York's investment banker Rothschild Incorporated and Santa Fe declined to comment
Earlier this year President Reagan nominated her to be the next assistant secretary of labor for mining health and safety
The sale doesn't include C. P. C.'s European consumer foods division in Brussels which has annual sales of approximately one point five billion dollars
Webb a Phoenix Arizona based developer of retirement communities real estate and gambling properties said the possibility of buying the hotel casinos back doesn't conflict with its plans to restructure
He also said that the company was trying to take advantage of the high prices that cable companies have been fetching in recent months
But Mr. Baker said he had discussed the commodity basket idea with a few of his fellow world economic officials as well as with Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan who supported the plan
Beverly Hills California based Wrather reported only two point one million dollars of oil and gas revenue last year out of total revenue of one hundred eight point five million dollars
That exceeds the sixty five percent rank and file support for the nineteen eighty four contract and matches Ford worker backing for the nineteen eighty two pact
The other partners are Irwin Molasky a Lorimar vice president and Las Vegas real estate developer and Allard Roen a former Las Vegas hotelier
In yesterday's testimony Robert Pitofsky dean of Georgetown University Law School and a former Federal Trade Commission member said Judge Bork advocates an antitrust program more conservative than proposed by almost anyone else
Ford Motor Company said its Ford division should sell three million cars and trucks in the nineteen eighty eight model year or about seven percent more vehicles than it sold in the nineteen eighty seven model year that ended yesterday
The toll road measure allows two Orange County agencies to build such roads to bypass the crowded Santa Ana San Diego and Newport freeways
Storehouse shares rose twenty one pence to four hundred seven pence on London's stock exchange yesterday
First the article suggested that the contemporary debate over Miranda primarily reflects a disagreement about the scope of the Fifth Amendment right against compelled self incrimination
She was not only lightheaded with relief she was giddy with fright
The little plane is equipped with a flashlight beam that can register hits on other toys in a whole Mattel toy line
There is also the difficulty of trying to study what happened only once millions of years ago
Linde rose seven point five oh to seven hundred forty three point five oh and M. A. N. gained four point three oh to one hundred ninety one point eight oh
Or he could bring a car to market simply by pointing and saying as he did while viewing various early design proposals for the Lincoln Mark three I'd like to drive that home
For the moment this brilliant member of Spain's prestigious corps of civil service lawyers puts a brave face on adversity
The men are under tremendous stress at work
To these traditional worries however have now been added the problem of what to do when changing jobs since all employees hired after November sixth nineteen eighty six have to prove they are in this country legally and can work
Mr. Conable declared that the bank's morale sapping internal reorganization was now behind it and pledged to increase loans and to act as a go between to help debtor nations and their creditors develop innovative market based approaches to the resolution of debt problems
But others say things have changed since that study
A spokesman said Entex had no comment on the S. and P. move
Money flowed instead to the anti Bork forces
The more costly the plant is the more you've got to ask the commission to put into the rate base said Robin Jaffe a utility analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Incorporated
At the end of last year the Geico investment had grown nearly fifteen times and the Washington Post investment was valued at nearly twenty seven times what Berkshire originally paid
There was talk of dozens of the funds being established to buy distressed properties at bargain prices turn them around and then sell them at a substantial profit
The Canadian government decided to continue high level political consultations with the U. S. to determine if the two countries can break a week old deadlock in their negotiations for a free trade agreement
Ms. Warwick couldn't be reached for comment and reports on the nature of her exit differed
The big banks shunned him
In competition with Rockwell another contractor that soon may have a huge empty plant in Palmdale Lockheed is also talking to Airbus Industrie about subcontract work for the European commercial jet consortium
The Warburg study uses higher estimates of the project's future revenue and earnings than those previously made by Eurotunnel
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Southmark was unchanged at nine point six two five dollars a share
Mr. Stein said that Dreyfus doesn't intend to move only its support staff
The lawsuit filed in federal district court here seeks to enjoin Brasserie du Cardinal Fribourg S. A. the Swiss maker of the nonalcoholic product from using the name Moussy
Earlier this year however the Commerce Department decided to dispense with the Pentagon review although it said it would continue to subject exports involving such companies to special scrutiny
The S. E. C. accepted the resignation of Kathleen Warwick head of its New York office
But outsiders haven't done well in Hollywood he adds while insiders like Disney have their own entertainment assets to exploit
In return the Tigers agreed to back an Indian brokered peace accord to end the island nation's ethnic fighting
The Treasury auction yesterday was the first part of a twenty three point two five billion dollar financing operation
First Republic declined to comment
Residents don't mind motorbikes sputtering through the village day and night
And Begajah now has college students who have actually seen tennis being played
The U. K. government initially sparked a modest upturn in the gilt market with a series of optimistic economic reports just before the Bank of England sold eight hundred million pounds of twenty year government bonds last Wednesday
Since Chicago didn't exist until one thousand eight hundred thirty it seems a bit cheeky of the Chicago Historical Society to offer the answer
Even allowing that a few Cubs fans might have unthinkingly donned red for the occasion the Saturday and Sunday full houses looked to be between a quarter and a third Cards partisans most of whom made the three hundred mile trip north to urge on their favorites the front runners in the N. L. East
And they had a fine time of it watching the belly dancers at Dar Maghreb restaurant where they ate dinner the first night walking by the Hare Krishna Festival of the Chariots Vegetarian Feast for Thousands in Venice on their way to lunch at producer director Tony Bill's trendy restaurant seventy two Market Street
Mr. Bresser Pereira says the leak wrongly suggested a take it or leave it partial default because it sounded as if Brazil was saying it intended to issue bonds to buy back its bank debt at a forty percent to forty five percent discount
Initial orders for S. L.'s two electrode aviation spark plug introduced recently were triple company expectations said Charles A. Shipley vice president and chief financial officer
The Board of the Royal Society of Medicine which officially accepts voluntary euthanasia pleaded for involuntary active euthanasia in another statement as did the Synode of the Reformed Church
Tighter rules on hospitalizations for instance have reduced patient stays
Mercer Meidinger Hansen benefits consultant says eighty percent of eight hundred fifty four employer responses tallied so far in a survey oppose the bill most small companies can't afford its price tag an official says
The interim committee communique praised the introduction of various forms of new financial instruments and securities and of formulae that do not add further to the stock of debt
I'm optimistic that we can use the Ford contract as a springboard and adapt it to the differences between Ford and General Motors
Metals Exploration rose zero point two zero to two on news that Mid East Minerals is offering two dollars each for the Metals Exploration shares it doesn't already own
The transaction is contingent on N. L.'s completing one point two billion dollars in financing
Treasury currently has primary responsibility for multilateral development assistance the stated objective of which is primarily self sustaining economic development
Moreover an accounting change instituted by the company in August will require the company to amortize fee income over the life of the loans rather than recording it in the year it was received
Salvatore Santangelo Oceanside N. Y. a former floor trader was found guilty by an exchange panel of issuing bad checks to member firms failing to maintain adequate capital and filing reports late to the exchange
People don't know what the hell Kevlar is and I don't have time to explain it grumbled one unconvinced salesman visiting the booth
Greatest influences on his political thinking John Locke and Edmund Burke
The company added that it has agreed to pay T. I. Group a fee of five million dollars plus expenses of as much as one million dollars if the tender offer is started but the acquisition isn't completed
The country's foreign debt which totaled twenty eight point three billion dollars at the end of last year has barely been dented
But he said the U. S. News piece is nothing more than a great teaser for anyone who wants to read the excerpts in Newsweek and a giant promotion for our edition
Frederick Rose contributed to this article
The company also took a loss on the sale of its unprofitable contract drilling and exploration and production units in July
Of course slashing the budget deficit from fiscal nineteen eighty seven's estimated one hundred fifty billion dollar one hundred sixty billion dollar level to zero over the next five years would take enormous pressure off interest rates
Triton's stock closed in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday at twenty three dollars a share up eighty seven point five cents
But he added Revlon would be willing to agree to convert the shares at forty two dollars a share rather than thirty eight dollars a share meaning less dilution for Revlon holders
Salomon stock leaped two and three quarters yesterday to thirty four and three quarters on unusually heavy volume of two point five million shares on the news that Warren Buffett the renowned Omaha Nebraska investor had agreed to buy twelve percent of Salomon
He said Disney would be more involved than his company in managing Wrather operations because Disney is closer to it than we are
State crime bureau investigators say that Mr. Messner ran his company largely on his American Express Gold Card for which monthly bills at times exceeded sixty thousand dollars
He added that the company has four main markets with higher than average growth prospects plastics electronics aerospace and biotechnology
What makes Leaving Home better than Lake Wobegon Days is that to paraphrase the motto on the town crest of Lake Wobegon it is what it is
Governor Cowper is planning a friendship and diplomatic mission to Siberia next spring
Even Mr. Ongpin backs land reform arguing it's needed to funnel resources to the countryside
Honeywell Incorporated received a nineteen point six million dollar Army contract for munitions equipment
In the fiscal year ending June thirtieth Votrax will earn about two million dollars or eighteen cents a share compared with three hundred twenty thousand dollars or three cents a share in the previous year Mr. Schmitt said
While the above case studies were interesting cadets seemed to relate more easily to junior officer stories than to tales about generals
The personal computer industry says it is moving toward making the machines as easy to use as toasters but purchasing one still is more like buying a jet fighter than a household appliance
In California for example corrections expenditures have been increasing at an average annual rate of twenty one percent versus eight point five percent for education and four point five percent for health and welfare
I talk to the Hunts all the time Mr. Abboud says referring to William Herbert and Nelson Bunker
Studying price hikes of magazines can turn up some genuine oddities
Support for the Contras surged then ebbed in the polls
Yes she's been in the lab too long
Pleased with the returns Mr. Kobayashi was scoring through zaitech company officials apparently were content to leave him to his own devices
On Friday coffee for December delivery rose two point oh one cents a pound to one point one four seven nine dollars on the Coffee Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York
It will be the second such meeting this month to consider a Sony Corporation of Japan proposal to buy the unit for about two billion dollars
This is the end of our involvement in active underwriting which has been our strategy for several years said James Lockhart treasurer of Alexander and Alexander
A few retired black generals have found corporate jobs but others wonder if they are encountering racial discrimination after conquering it in the service
State authorities in Florida and Ohio are pressing antitrust cases against Waste Management units and say they are studying statutes that could bar those units from operating
It isn't that the U. S. is becoming a nation of blockheads authorities generally agree that the population as a whole is more literate than it has ever been
Jim O'Neill financial markets economist at Marine Midland says If economic fundamentals are poor then financial market instability and uncertainty will merely appear in an area where it is not suppressed
The I. M. F. study projected growth in developing nations averaging three point three percent this year and four point four percent in nineteen eighty eight
Irving stock rose twenty five point eight seven five dollars to close at seventy eight point one two five dollars in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Some market professionals see signs that such big funds hurt themselves by pushing up municipal bond prices when they buy
L. T. V. which filed for Chapter eleven bankruptcy law protection July seventeenth nineteen eighty six has already taken court action to battle the move by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation which forces L. T. V. to once again take charge of its two billion dollar pension fund shortage
However the credit markets received some positive news over the weekend
Mr. Hennessy said in nineteen eighty six his goal was to forge a new Allied Signal
Kevin Kinsella a managing partner of Avalon Ventures of La Jolla California interviewed five hundred brain experts before picking a management team for Athena Neurosciences Incorporated a San Carlos California company developing ways to get drugs to the brain in AIDS dementia and Alzheimer's disease patients
He added that machine tool builders are having difficulty turning inquiries into orders
The California bill is particularly significant because its provisions are retroactive
Saatchi and Saatchi breached its contract with the ex chief of its Ted Bates unit when it ousted him last year an arbitration panel ruled
Elders said in making that announcement that shareholders would receive a capital repayment of one Australian dollar seventy three U. S. cents for each Elders share
Indian troops wounded two Tamils in Sri Lanka when they fired into a stone throwing crowd protesting the weekend hunger strike death of a young Tamil guerrilla
A spokesman confirmed that Nortek is considering acquiring Kincaid by unfriendly means if necessary although a recently adopted Kincaid plan to thwart hostile takeovers could impede such an effort
Memotec paid four hundred eighty eight point three million Canadian dollars three hundred seventy two point two million dollars for Teleglobe Canada's exclusive provider of overseas telephone and telegraph services
There are several possible explanations
But they were all playing the game of satisfying the plan
It stuck to my jersey
Big banks remained weak with Westpac Banking down zero point zero six at six point seven oh National Australia Bank off zero point one four at five point nine four and Australia and New Zealand Banking Group off zero point zero four at five point five six
Her daughter Sylvia had a history of mental illness and had been in and out of several community programs
Pennsylvania began licensing in nineteen eighty prompted by safety concerns
Elcor also said it benefited in the year earlier period from unusually strong demand to replace storm damaged roofs
Nevertheless the talks will be the foundations on which the policy edifice can be constructed over the next four years says Roy Hattersley Labor's deputy leader
Panhandle Eastern Corporation said Richard L. O'Shields chairman of the natural gas pipeline operator will take early retirement effective January first
They found one memo of interest from a vice president to several of his associates
A Ford spokesman said the company retains major auto glass making operations in both Canada and the U. S.
A Danish air force officer at the Tirstrup air base complains about his unit's fighter planes which have outdated radarless equipment
I'm speaking to express the unanimous fears that the art world has toward the nomination of Bork said artist Robert Rauschenberg
Delta Air Lines said it will voluntarily report on time performance records for all of its domestic flights to the Department of Transportation starting October fifteenth
Let the contracting parties decide the terms of their trade
Last year Mitchell slash Titus which has eight black partners and one white partner lost five black senior managers to personnel raids by Big Eight firms
Some traders believe it is important to consider the number of short shares in a stock in relation to the daily trading volume
The issue was offered with outside insurance
Initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted two hundred sixty thousand during the week ended September twelfth from three hundred seventeen thousand the previous week the Labor Department said
Stamford Connecticut based G. T. E. apparently wasn't surprised by the suit
Part of Mr. Eller's strategy is to acquire weaker stores and upgrade them
There's no doubt they have tremendous talent but from a project management standpoint they have to be straining
The company said it believed the charge related to an earlier federal antitrust investigation that resulted in the convictions last year of two top Waste Management officials in Florida
The discount rate is the rate the Bank of Japan charges on loans to major commercial banks
A Wall Street Journal slash N. B. C. News survey of one thousand five hundred forty four adults made following the U. S. Appeals Court judge's televised testimony to the Senate Judiciary panel found that forty two percent oppose confirmation thirty four percent favor it and twenty four percent aren't sure
Alex Grass is described as the father of the other members of the group
The group argues that the building would forever alter the cityscape debase the eight hundred forty acre park with a mile long shadow and crowd a residential neighborhood with traffic and pollution
More successful are the watercolor room and the reserve galleries filled with lesser quality pieces and open to the public
Gloria M. Bamber a training coordinator in New York City's office of management and budget says three hundred budget analysts share sixty copies of one two three and have just gotten approval to buy sixty six more
It's unfortunate his style looks so similar in the two campaigns although I would think it's a positive to be associated with Levi's award winning ads
One of the organizers of last month's conference was a twenty nine year old sociologist named Boris Kagarlitsky imprisoned under Brezhnev for propagating Euro communist views
Pier one Imports Incorporated expects to report that net income rose fifty eight percent in the fiscal second quarter according to Clark A. Johnson president and chief executive officer
To date however Drexel hasn't executed a big transaction concerning Latin American debt
There is no way that Judge Bork can demonstrate that he is right and Douglas wrong
There seemed to be some reason for cheerfulness
Based on Wednesday's closing price of eight hundred twenty five French francs a share the three percent stake in Cerus is valued at one hundred sixty one million francs twenty six point five million dollars
Control Data Corporation seeking to complete a two year restructuring effort said it will sell its eighteen point three percent interest in Commercial Credit Company back to the finance company for thirty three dollars a share or three hundred thirteen point five million dollars
After the agreement was announced Alberto Culver a maker of toiletries and other consumer products withdrew its twenty four dollars a share or one hundred thirty four million dollars tender offer for the ninety three percent of Lamaur it didn't already hold
Mr. Woods's Cleve is the shadowy half of what could be the best pair of movie buddies since Sean Connery and Michael Caine went trekking off across the Himalayas in The Man Who Would Be King
Yesterday's S. E. C. announcement seems likely to dispel impressions on Wall Street that the government's investigation of Drexel the largest such inquiry in Wall Street's history is floundering
Among other factors a broader audience is getting to see ballroom at its best
Linde advanced one to seven hundred forty
Such Republicans as Georgia Representative Newt Gingrich warmly praised Mr. Arias's performance in informal discussions with House members and portrayed him as a strong partner for the U. S. rather than the naive figure often painted by the political right
LIDA Incorporated initial offering of seven hundred thousand common shares via McKinely Allsopp Incorporated
But he wouldn't confirm the discussions with Texaco based in White Plains N. Y.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing yesterday Gold Fields said it acquired about fifteen point eight million of Newmont's sixty six million shares outstanding on Monday and Tuesday
Lewis Galoob Toys Incorporated cut its domestic work force fifteen percent saying the move was prompted by unexpectedly low sales and an anticipated substantial loss for both the second half and the year
The RoyWest joint venture which was formed in nineteen seventy nine provides private banking services for international clients
It also is understood that Penrod has been holding talks aimed at selling some of its offshore drilling rigs to Blocker Energy Corporation a Houston drilling company that recently completed a long restructuring
Mr. Kobrin's brush with federal securities law grew out of his activities as a broker in Maplewood N. J. in nineteen seventy and nineteen seventy one
At least one analyst thought that the proposal faced possible rejection by consuming countries because it showed so little change from quotas that used to be in effect
Cleveland Cliffs said it is inspecting the group's proxies and expects to have an announcement regarding a meeting by tomorrow
The five year two month notes to be sold Wednesday will mature February fifteenth nineteen ninety four
The rewrite is a substantial turnabout
According to the National Association of Realtors home affordability declined sharply from the late nineteen seventies through the mid nineteen eighties
Just as we have recklessly squandered the prodigious natural resources we squander the greatest natural resource of all our children and both children and society pay for the waste
With this business you have to be in it for the long haul
Elise humiliates Andrew she starts to leave demanding that Martin come with her but he refuses
Under his two year contract with the firm which begins January first Mr. Banks will offer his services to corporate legal departments and while he's at it try to persuade them to install a document management system made by Xerox that he contends will help them slash their legal costs
I was left to ponder why there seemed to be a chronic gap between the amounts one could garner in rent for high profile property and the higher thus uneconomic cost of that real estate
It's interesting says an executive at another big soft drink company
That will lead to high interest rates and recession
But he added The last thing we want is an overreaction in Washington that might go beyond his concerns on leveraged buy outs
But to keep most of the financing off the budget officials need to find a credible non governmental source of cash to repay the principal
This is not the hopeless task that many believe
When others overproduce and we react to that that is not overproduction he says
On a Lego building block set Sears charges the same amount as Montgomery Ward and Target and only forty two cents more than Wal Mart
The Tokyo stock price index of all issues listed in the first section edged up zero point eight three point to two thousand two hundred thirty four point nine eight
But he added We can try and make sure that tests are done in such a way as to not adversely impact people
Preliminary findings that would require anti dumping penalties averaging some forty percent to eighty percent on foreign bearings already have been made which means that U. S. importers of foreign bearings must post bonds covering the penalties pending a final ruling early next year
At September thirtieth American Health had assets of two hundred sixty nine point three million dollars and debt of seventy two million dollars
Here's how a typical payout program works Investors are first guaranteed the cash distribution often ten percent of the per share value of the fund's portfolio
The E. P. A. ordered the recall last March after agency tests showed the vehicles exceeded emission standards for carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons
This sale like one in late September allows Israel to refinance higher cost military loans that were made by the U. S. government to Israel
Under the proposed trade agreement Canada has agreed to phase out the practice over ten years
Traders said that the eighty eight and one half level was an important technical support level for bond futures
The new studies seem to indicate that if the H. D. L. is too low even low levels of cholesterol can become dangerous
Takeover stocks were particularly hard hit
Public opinion moved against the Chamberlains because they were Seventh Day Adventists and because they seemed to enjoy the publicity they were getting and later because Lindy with her stoniness and snarls wasn't publicity conscious enough
Other opposition parties boycotted the proceedings but the participation of even part of the opposition is sufficient to give the deliberations political legitimacy
Financial markets demand more than a one year fix Mr. Greenspan said
It said tests had showed the drug to be ineffective for such acquired immune deficiency syndrome related conditions
But in the short run they can do some pretty bizarre things
Bauer a U. S. division of Heinrich Bauer Verlag will distribute seven million copies of the introductory issue of First all to be sold in supermarkets for twenty five cents each
Negotiable bank backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order
For its half million dollars the Four Seasons has new table lamps china salt and pepper bowls new upholstery and many little things specifically meant to be nearly imperceptible
Excluding central banks that buy Treasury securities as part of their intervention activity to stabilize currencies foreigners' net purchases of Treasuries in the second quarter fell to almost half those of the first
And when Coloroll acquired Crowthers the debt holders became vulnerable
Major banks didn't follow suit but Norberto Mehl publisher of Banxquote Money Markets a New York based information service said the banks will be forced to boost yields on consumer C. D.s as much as a quarter of a point in the next few weeks if high Treasury bill rates and the weak dollar continue
Just yesterday White House budget director Joseph Wright and his staff weighed proposals designed to slow the increase in Medicare costs
Moreover a commission official says it is highly unlikely ministers will reach the unanimous agreement needed to restrict bank secrecy
But revenue and earnings won't totally reflect the increased volume of activity because more machines will be leased than in the past Mr. Rollwagen said
The Dow Jones Industrial Average which lost more than sixty two points in the previous four sessions rose twelve point oh nine to close at two thousand seventy seven point one seven
While there are two hundred thousand people in the U. S. who say they are financial planners there are only thirteen thousand investment advisory firms registered with the S. E. C. to sell securities
On average chief executive officers have seen their total compensation fall eight percent this year to an estimated two hundred sixty nine thousand dollars from two hundred ninety two thousand dollars
In the trough of a recession you could have two hundred fifty million tons extra capacity world wide
And particularly if you're dealing with money
It still isn't certain that Mr. Arafat will continue moving toward moderation
Tenders for the bills available in minimum ten thousand dollar denominations must be received by one p. m. E. S. T. Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches
Now he tours with Relache the Philadelphia based contemporary music ensemble and last summer he appeared at Lincoln Center's Big Squeeze Festival
But Mr. Hogg's defenders reject that suggestion
The full absorption of Spain into Europe will be fun
There is an elegant men's shop in Barcelona that features brightly colored sweaters expensive broadcloth shirts and highly styled blue blazers
Interco co defendants named in the suit were Harvey Saligman chairman and chief executive officer Harry M. Krogh president and chief operating officer Ronald L. Aylward vice chairman and four vice presidents R. Stuart Moore Mark H. Lieberman Richard B. Loynd and Charles J. Rothschild Junior Other Interco directors named in the suit are Zane E. Barnes Donald E. Lasater Lee M. Liberman Robert H. Quenon William E. Cornelius Marilyn S. Lewis and Thomas H. O'Leary
The Federalist Papers stress how the Constitution invigorated the earlier feeble executive by making the president the commander in chief
The contract for January nineteen eighty nine delivery of soybeans fell thirteen point five cents to seven dollars and fifty eight cents a bushel
five
Speculators were bagged in a sleepy little stock now selling for almost one fifth less than some of them paid
But the board is doing no such thing
Fuqua Industries added three quarters to twenty nine and three eighths on news that Triton Group raised its stake in the company to the equivalent of nine point nine percent and may consider a takeover
N. A. S. A. congratulated the Soviets on the flight
It's all bend
A proposal that Presidents must tell Congress about all covert operations within forty eight hours died after Speaker Jim Wright did some leaking of his own posing a threat to jailed dissidents in Nicaragua
The next America's Cup challenge can't be scheduled because it can't take place until two years after the end of litigation
In the past year however the center has been making news by announcing cutbacks rather than breakthroughs
No note numismatists
G. T. E. said it plans to move three hundred employees from its corporate headquarters here to the phone operations headquarters which eventually is expected to have several thousand employees
The central tenet of any business is profit maximization chiefly achieved through production efficiency
As a result the unit sold processed wool at less than it cost to produce it incurring an operating loss of three point six million dollars
Effective January first he succeeds Peter Bosshard fifty seven who will take a newly created post in the office here of the Swiss banking concern
In the six months ended July thirtieth earnings from operations sank forty seven percent to about ten point one million dollars
This would involve cutting the federal deficit to zero next year from an expected four percent of total output of goods and service this year
If anything freedom of the press has been enhanced
The estrangement is somewhat recent
Last month Soviet Finance Minister Boris Gostev told the Supreme Soviet the state was operating on a huge budget deficit
Last week the government launched a monopolies probe of Australian brewer Elders I. X. L. Ltd's one point four five billion pound bid for Scottish and Newcastle Breweries P. L. C.
The consumer confidence index gained almost all the ground lost in the September dip rising to one hundred seventeen point four from a revised one hundred ten point seven originally reported as one hundred nine
In court papers Mr. Alcott had urged that Judge Sand not second guess an employer's decision not to pay severance to employees who were never severed but who continued in their existing jobs without interruption
Chiron's vaccine for hepatitis B. which is being produced and marketed in an agreement with Merck and Company of Rahway N. J. was the first vaccine produced by gene splicing to be approved by the U. S. Food and Drug Administration
But the chain complains that most of its shoppers only crave Johnson and Johnson's time honored classic at four dollars and nineteen cents for the same size
An Indian court has upheld an arbitration panel's decision that awarded thirteen million dollars to General Electric Company for a breach of contract by an Indian power company
Compulsory assigned risk plans to cover all drivers became actuarial disasters
The new Amigas add speed and memory
What's more negotiations in nineteen oh one were as full of pride even hubris as any seen lately
Both plants would require Food and Drug Administration approval before they could be sold commercially
Debt issues rated single B. and single B. minus currently represent the best value in the high yield sector Mr. Butler maintains
The Brookings view that a financial crisis is unlikely even if Washington procrastinates on the budget deficit offers a sharp contrast to that of doom sayers on Wall Street who warn that delays in reducing the federal budget deficit could be calamitous
The meeting which began at midmorning and ran through the afternoon was an effort to get oral elaboration on the written data already collected by the committee's advisers Dillon Read and Company and Lazard Freres and Company
Federal Express the Memphis Tennessee door to door express deliverer declined comment
In the nineteen eighty eight House elections special interest money shored up Democrats as never before
Mr. Valentine likes Lewis Galoob Toys' Bouncin' Babies that crawl and Micro Machines miniature cars and planes
Mark Yamagata Tandy's senior director of marketing said Tandy will make the computers in Fort Worth Texas to Panasonic's specifications and Panasonic will distribute them through its office automation group
As a result about one point eight million shares of NTI will be issued
Smaller firms generally plan to cut spending
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing the Hopkinton Massachusetts company said it holds one hundred nine thousand nine hundred Merrimac common including ninety thousand shares bought from September thirteenth to November seventh for prices ranging from six dollars and seventy nine cents to seven point six two five dollars each
Its sales went from about ten million dollars a year in nineteen eighty to about twenty million dollars in nineteen eighty one thence to a peak of around sixty nine million dollars in nineteen eighty four former Nautilus officials say
PSFS Meritor Financial Group of Philadelphia had agreed to put up about twenty million dollars and Prudential Insurance Company of America put up an additional ten million dollars to close the sale and to provide working capital
Last January Mr. Schulman negotiated to sell all of the investors' partnership interests for forty million dollars or about twenty percent of their initial investment value to investor Sherman Nazur to whom he had previously sold a buy back option on the Drexel note the suit alleges
Japanese companies are also tapping U. S. science by opening labs in America and hiring droves of American scientists and engineers
And one recent cartoon in a leading Japanese business publication depicted a Japanese man hanging from a trapeze with the American dangling beneath him
In the Korean case the wounds run much deeper
At Komatsu an old line maker of construction equipment Shoji Nogawa brought a decisive strong willed style of management and also paid a price for it
A Parker PH grade twenty eight gauge gun on an O. frame small bore and light frame was the sale's top lot selling to a New Jersey dealer for six thousand dollars
SmithKline Beckman Corporation stopped further development of a drug that was a leading candidate to back up its flagging Tagamet anti ulcer remedy
Many remember seeing bags labeled Eagle Super sixty six in engine rooms of ships they built
But it still has to buy large parts of those cars transmissions and fuel injection pumps for example from its rival and former colonial master Japan
Currently Mr. Sandklef said coal is the source of thirty seven percent of the world's electricity production while hydroelectric power provides twenty three percent nuclear energy seventeen percent oil twelve percent and gas ten percent
Tsukuba however gave only one message Love technology
Somebody out there likes four year old Jordache jeans and is willing to pay top Canadian dollar for them
But if Hungary seems to be on the road to quasi capitalism East Bloc style it still has many miles to go
Without seeming to try it also contributes as much to our understanding of the origins of the modern black inner city as any book written in this decade
And that's my concern
Comprehensive Care ultimately decided against using him as a spokesman out of fear that he might not stay straight
Bayerische Motoren Werke A. G. has made the B. M. W. a best selling car in Japan by opening its own dealer system
Still some doctors and psychologists worry about the danger of advertising addiction services to consumers who may be unable to judge which treatment is best for them
The stock currently trades for five dollars and twenty five cents
Mr. Fuller declined to say whether Mr. Darman would get the job and said Mr. Bush's transition team plans to give the president elect three to five names from which to choose for each top post
The lesson for Mr. Bush and Congress is that the ability of the voluntary nonprofit sector to substitute for government depends partly on government
Spire Corporation said it reduced its third quarter loss by more than half as revenue increased seventy seven percent from a year earlier
Background checks are more extensive
Today at least people have respect for each others' jobs
He turned up evidence later used by prosecutors showing that a Cotronics official had falsified checks to conceal the identity of the party from whom the company had bought the chips
Computer companies are learning to cover their design tracks to make their new machine almost clone proof to keep the knock off artists at bay
The election late last week was seen as a test of the willingness of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party or P. R. I. which campaigned in the July presidential election on a platform of reform to recognize the growing strength of the opposition which has never won a governorship
Electrolux said it expects to close the Roper transaction by late December
But the Democrats refused to roll over
But it sits in the middle of the chassis where hot exhaust system parts also reside
In December I get a lot of Christmas cards from people in Europe and all over the world she says
It's a much simpler task for instance to tackle Brobdingnagian budget deficits when an expansion is young than when an expansion is old
That offer is to expire at twelve oh one a. m. tomorrow but there were indications that it might again be extended
Soviet activities in Western capital markets
It's quite possible Tyson could come back quickly with about fifty five dollars a share
Cliffs Drilling Company Houston said that because of a provision for federal income tax benefits of two point six million dollars its previously reported third quarter loss has been narrowed
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday Western Union closed at one point eight seven five dollars unchanged
There are some bad guys out there who ought to be punished he said
California faced a one point two billion dollar revenue gap for its fiscal year which ended June thirtieth
The six packs will be available only in limited areas Atlanta New York state and parts of the Midwest but may return next year to a wider audience
Gert Schmidt senior economist for Industrikreditbank A. G. in Duesseldorf said the export oriented expansion in the industrial production figures and order bookings of recent months continue to contradict gloomier outlooks of a year ago
Traders said the financials provided the lead but buying spread out across a wide swath of the market
I read with excitement Bill Paul's October fifth editorial page article Gorbachev Could Be the One to Find Wallenberg
Yes it is surprising this taking such a keen interest in something we think of as so national says Tanya Andreeva one of the officials currently shepherding the Mysterians a. k. a. the Bulgarian State Radio and Television Female Vocal Choir on their first North American tour
Mr. Ghorbanifar first proposed the U. S. sell five hundred TOW missiles to Iran in exchange for an end to terrorism and a release of hostages
But being a persistent sort he persisted and in two years slimmed the unit down to its present Walkman size which fits into a light canvas backpack with tiny speakers mounted on the shoulder straps
He's a logical choice as White House chief of staff where his management skills and political savvy would be assets
This year's presidential race offered an unusually clear choice on those aspects of the American economy that affect foreign prosperity particularly the question of whether protectionism would become the tool of choice in dealing with the trade deficit
It happens every time
I've said to my students a thousand times that if they ever want a taste of life behind the Iron Curtain take the Dinky
Both Jimmy Carter following Watergate and Ronald Reagan following Jimmy Carter benefited from the comparisons with the immediate past
Rockwell International Corporation was awarded a fifteen point four million dollar Air Force contract for strategic missile studies
They suggested the definition of AIDS may have to be expanded
It starts in the Northeast and includes key states like Maryland West Virginia Ohio Arkansas Tennessee and Missouri
Mr. Locsin's type of media bombast is becoming increasingly common
Inflation adjusted general merchandise sales rose more than ten percent in the fourth quarter of nineteen eighty three the first full holiday season after the last recession
As Banking Committee chairman Mr. Gonzalez would be one of the fiercest critics of the Federal Reserve Board since another populist Texan the late Representative Wright Patman wielded the committee's gavel
In that case the court ruled that if a company develops a restructuring of approximate value to that of a hostile tender offer a poison pill defense can't be used to prevent shareholders from choosing between them
Once thought of as the last best hope for deficit reduction action the National Economic Commission slides toward irrelevance
It was a crutch acknowledges Richard Daugherty manager for the area who now holds workers directly responsible for what they build
While Mr. Lutz now appears out of contention for Chrysler's top job it seems he is slotted to succeed Mr. Bidwell as the head of Chrysler Motors just as Mr. Greenwald is in line to succeed Mr. Iacocca as head of the parent company
Our goal is to make the Detroit public school system second to none in the Midwest
In his seven year reign sales have risen forty five percent while earnings were up seventy nine percent in the period to a projected one point nine seven billion francs this year
As part of its restructuring Advanced Micro said it will convert one of its two plants in San Antonio Texas to CMOS. Added a company spokesman That's what this restructuring is all about
Mr. Murphy of Capital Cities slash A. B. C. says simply that such a costly miniseries won't happen again
In response to those suggestions the C. B. O. T. and the C. B. O. E. the world's largest futures and options exchanges respectively decided to create a futures contract that would allow cross margining
The document clarifies and for the first time formally spells out the agency's legal approach to determining whether behavior in the international marketplace is anti competitive
If Mr. James's win in Florida holds up the Democrats would have two hundred fifty nine seats in the next House a gain of two and the Republicans would have one hundred seventy four seats
Overall trading was muted before the partial holiday weekend in the U. S. Canada and parts of Europe
Mr. Balabanian said the Proposition thirteen case is distinguishable because unlike Proposition one hundred three it was framed as an amendment to the state constitution
Michael A. Hammer was elected a director of Occidental Petroleum Corporation the oil and chemicals company long headed by his grandfather Armand Hammer
A spokesman for the Ministry of Finance attributed the slowing to a sharp drop in imports from Southeast Asia particularly textiles
But the brief advance was overwhelmed by continued fears that the Federal Reserve Board would boost interest rates and that the dollar would fall even further
The plunge surprised analysts who couldn't attribute the big break to any fundamental developments in the soybean trade
People are a little too quick to think huge amounts of cash flow are going to come bustling out of these companies to shareholders says Scott Evans of College Retirement Equities Fund in New York
The variation Jumping Jack
We had to pick the best from the best
Yet it still attracted flippers even with that price lowered to five dollars
He argued that the increased internationalization of the securities markets and of securities fraud demands greater cooperation among regulators
Mr. Rosenfeld said he tried to start an investment firm but the climate of the securities market since the crash doomed that effort
The city and state incentives include cheaper electric power from a state nuclear plant exemptions from sales and real estate taxes and city and state contributions to infrastucture for the Brooklyn development known as Metrotech
About twenty four percent of animals in a second group injected with the gel currently in use also developed tumors
QUOTAS This provision prohibits the use of production quotas or goals to evaluate I. R. S. employees involved in collection
It was organized around the scholarship of guest curator Konrad Oberhuber formerly at Harvard and now at the Albertina museum in Vienna who also wrote the detailed and important book that serves as the catalog
Presumably the Senate will confirm all his cabinet choices but not before Senate committees have held hearings to grill them all lay bare their past and expose them to unkind questions from political opponents
The company works to keep its costs down in other areas too
And as the Quayle choice shows he is capable of decisions that surprise everyone
He wasted no time making the expected appointment of James Baker as Secretary of State
It shows there is lots of frustration with what Pillsbury has done so far one said
We expect to be very cautious in terms of what we buy over the next six to eight months says a Hong Kong based executive with a major U. S. retailer
However he says there have been offsetting changes for the worse As time passed women had less leisure while men had more an increase in the proportion of adults not married made more women dependent on their own income and women's share of financial responsibility for children rose
The principal appraisers' trade associations which include only about four thousand of the two hundred fifty thousand people nationwide who call themselves appraisers are lobbying for government regulation
However C. M. X. said that if it doesn't exercise its option to buy the remaining three hundred fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty shares it will return about seventeen thousand shares to the holders
The switch to monthly payouts is intended to help make its dividends more stable the company said
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks
You've got to pay attention to that kind of talk whether it's just a little bit of jawboning or they're going to put some meaningful legislation together said Thomas R. Walsh head of equity trading at Nikko Securities International
If a company is already for sale the price is negotiable says Nobuyuki Koya deputy general manager for mergers and acquisitions at Tokyo's Sanwa Bank
Japan Air Lines which rose three and one quarter on Tuesday in response to a twenty three percent first half earnings rise jumped another eleven to two hundred twenty two and one quarter bid
If the twin deficit problem isn't dealt with over the longer period the dollar's definitely heading south it's just a matter of how far over what time he said
Chubb said it would take a fourth quarter after tax charge of about thirteen million dollars to reflect the settlement
The measure could backfire on some consumers though
Drexel Burnham Lambert Limited of Asia a unit of Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated arranged the placement
Mr. Bush was supported by more than half of the men surveyed but less than half of the women
Terms weren't disclosed
Similar measures passed in Arizona fifty one percent to forty nine percent and in Colorado sixty one percent to thirty nine percent
Christie's is a unit of London based Christie's International P. L. C.
Mr. Bush will bow to deficit concerns aides say by following through on his call for a budget summit with Congress
The original group soon refined its focus to the auto generated roadside
At N. C. R. Corporation in Dayton Ohio Chairman Charles E. Exley crosses out employees when he comes to it in a company document and writes in N. C. R. people
Stanford R. Ovshinsky president and chief executive officer said in a telephone interview that he and Mr. Fraser are longtime associates who share concerns about the environment and developing new energy sources
Then the assets are taxed as part of the first spouse's estate
Mr. Lisk said that some sewer pipes are made of asbestos and cement and that acidic sewage is loosening the asbestos into free fibers
In Hiatt's world bar room romances sour before they begin young fathers aren't very different from their goofy kids and men fall to their knees to thank the stars for a second chance
But the novel alternately narrated by a young woman named Pauline Puyat and a tribal elder named Nanapush doesn't develop so much as it drags from one bizarre episode to the next
Co managers for the domestic sale of Lyondell stock will be Goldman Sachs and Company and Salomon Brothers Incorporated
This amount is more than ten times higher than the next law group contributor
In the past two years labor unrest and the won's appreciation have worsened the effects of the world wide shipping slump of the early nineteen eighties
My brother and I stayed with our cousins till late that afternoon when Mother took us back home
What's the coin made of
This was just not a good marketing buy he said
The Federal Bureau of Investigation began an official investigation on whether criminal charges should be brought against a student who created a computer virus that disrupted a national computer network last week an F. B. I. spokesman said
But the shift in the racial mix arouses feelings of bitterness in many blacks at Lincoln
The sixty one year old Mr. Roehl is president and part owner of Rho Chem Corporation a small closely held company that recycles and sells solvents chemicals that are widely used in industry to clean everything from integrated circuits to auto parts
The bank said the move followed differences of opinion on how to manage Caisse Nationale between Mr. Auberger and the board which is composed mainly of representatives of the ninety two regional banks that bought the bank from the government last year
The purchase includes estimated reserves of twenty eight point four million barrels of crude oil and four hundred thirty seven billion cubic feet of natural gas
D. L. J. Capital manages Sprout Group the venture capital affiliate of Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corporation which in turn is a unit of Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U. S.
In the nineteen seventies it seemed obvious to foreign experts that building roads was one of the best ways to improve the quality of life in the Third World
There are signs that the pace of automotive lending is also slowing
An index of long term Treasury bonds compiled by Shearson Lehman Hutton Incorporated rose two point one seven points to one thousand two hundred fifty three point one four
Local Federal Savings and Loan Association said it received an unsolicited proposal from a large shareholder who is offering to acquire the shares he doesn't already own for about twenty four point three million dollars
Then came the profit plunge
Dollar one hundred twenty five point seven three yen off one point one eight one point seven eight nine oh marks up zero point zero one zero seven
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Businessland closed at twelve dollars and seventy five cents a share up thirty seven point five cents
General Electric which agreed to sell its semiconductor business to Harris Corporation for two hundred six million dollars gained one and one eighth to forty four and three quarters
In Britain and Italy the indexes grew at three percent and four percent respectively
Abruptly Mr. Johnson's relationship with them has gone from cozy to strained
Trading volume was moderate
In West Virginia and Indiana Democrats Gaston Caperton and Evan Bayh the son of former Senator Birch Bayh took governorships held by the G. O. P.
The Japanese are putting together a system that's inherently discriminatory to U. S. companies he said
Canada's business community while worried about the trade agreement also is concerned that the election will produce an indecisive result with no party holding a clear majority
His backdrop there was the Queen Mary the retired luxury liner now at permanent anchor
Also important has been the growing new demand for gas especially for commercial air conditioning and cogeneration plants
Mr. Dukakis's attitude sharply contrasted with Mr. Bush's willingness to be packaged by G. O. P. strategist Roger Ailes
Companies don't need two sets of legal tax finance merger and acquisition and public relations sections says C. Boardman Thompson the second of Right Associates
Before last Friday there was some expectation that Mr. Levine who has been at the Met since nineteen seventy one might be looking for new adventures in Europe
But for broadcasters the number and value of transactions has declined markedly
While the earlier movements were often associated with right wing extremists the latest proposal is endorsed by Governor George Deukmejian
Most productions point up the differences between them here it's never clear why a bit of comic business is performed by one rather than the other
Companies should also expect to pay about twenty five dollars a month in service charges said the N. A. S. D.'s Susan Arthur who directs the program
As you all know Senator Dale Bumpers D. Arkansas the chairman of the Senate Small Business Committee said at one hearing last year small business creates about eighty percent of the jobs in this country
There's an unspoken fear that Dukakis could actually win one market watcher said
There were many other signs that he believed he would be chosen today as the next president
Dukakis Oh yeah wimp
In Hollywood Florida their money goes to the dogs
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost twenty one point one six points to close at two thousand one hundred twenty four point six four
The accord is controversial both in Germany and abroad
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past thirty days not a forecast of future returns
The statute also prohibits judges from using expansive theories of personal injury or implied promises to allow awards
For one thing London still is coming to grips with the shock of switching on the electronic market nearly overnight New York and Tokyo already had more automated systems
They clearly made money on the deal but you can't tell how much said David Londoner an analyst at Wertheim Schroder and Company
So it is perhaps fitting to pause on this Election Day and reflect for a moment on what a rare spectacle we are witnessing
Philip L. Smith Pillsbury's chairman called the spinoff proposal an important first step in an effort to deliver value to our shareholders and thus counter Grand Met
Other carriers had record profits from higher fares lower fuel costs and more traffic but a huge government investigation into Texas Air and its units came just as the booking season went into full swing for the third quarter Mr. Lorenzo said
We're very relaxed about this said a Finance Ministry official who asked to remain anonymous
But after the meeting she said What we're looking at is a period of trial and error which might take three years or might take five years
But Joseph W. O'Connor president of Copley Real Estate Advisors a big manager of pension fund money says he fears it could have a lot of distortions
The Liberal party has vowed to scrap a free trade agreement with the U. S.
Initial products will be shown to distributors this month and deliveries will begin in February
Cigna's group health indemnity operations were profitable in the third quarter continuing the turnaround seen in the nineteen eighty eight second quarter
The offer came after all night peace talks with Kohlberg broke down though both sides held out hopes of ultimately reaching a settlement
But domestic institutional investors entered later and then the bourse stabilized
Under the termination agreement in the event San Diego Gas is acquired by S. C. E. Corporation Tucson Electric will be entitled to a twenty five million dollar fee promised in the original merger agreement
In a related demonstration program announced earlier in Washington state four hundred jobless people with entrepreneurial ambitions will get thirty weeks of unemployment compensation in one lump sum plus management counseling to help start their businesses
But he expects to be dealing with minimills a few years down the road
It uses a base of one hundred in nineteen sixty seven
Many blue collar city dwellers can return to the country to live with relatives if necessary
In the meantime while food companies across Europe are merging to prepare for nineteen ninety two S. M. E. can neither buy other companies nor negotiate to be purchased
I'm glad we're not listed says Glenn Schaeffer Circus Circus's chief financial officer
U. S. and U. K. investors already have problems with the proliferation of nonvoting preference shares in Germany not to mention an investment that's an even less tangible part of the company's capital base said a bank investment sales manager
He gave up his seat in nineteen eighty six to run for governor but failed to win his party's nomination
Still Tom's a nice guy says Mr. Yeager though maybe a bit too abstruse I never understood a lot of what he was driving at
Ms. Mason is not the first feminist to ponder the baby question
The first thing to understand about family income is that only thirty five percent of the families counted by the census include any children the other sixty five percent constitute childless families and unrelated individuals
Productivity gains are easier when factories are running just short of full steam as many will be next year
Joe J. Rowan deputy director of the Arizona State Board of Pharmacy said the A. M. A. petition was referred to the state attorney general's office
This is all garbage
DISCOUNT RATE six and one half percent
According to a lawyer present at the court proceedings yesterday Chancellor William T. Allen indicated he would preliminarily block Interco's poison pill
Will Europe be ready to accept this
We're happy that it's over with said Ron Kirstien DavCo president who had records audited by the immigration service for about twenty thousand employees
Several lawyers involved in the case have confirmed that Company X. is Robins
In the middle from the fortieth to the seventieth percentiles the improvements were about ten percent
If it means we have to suffer a decline in volume to support a longer term view by individuals and institutions well so be it
The company is also marketing heavily among ethnic consumers one of the few beer growth markets left
The problems aren't limited to the engine and transmission
Harmonies were his landscapes
The critics also maintain that the fee to the real estate broker should be considered a part of the mortgage's cost which would make Citicorp's loans even more expensive
Neither company officials nor staff members of the Texas commission would say what the preliminary audit reveals
Also by putting a branch in a toy store First Women's hopes to build a stable long term deposit base
In a lawsuit filed in Boston Hoof Bond Incorporated accuses former employees and consultants of beginning to plot their defections and competition in nineteen eighty seven two years after Hoof Bond Incorporated was founded
This rally was mostly missed by speculators he said because they knew that U. S. production was going to be up substantially
Roger Martin the Bank Board member who is supervising the board's efforts to resolve the Stockton California thrift's troubles said in an interview that the board has reached a consensus to issue a federal charter for the new Bass owned S. and L.
Standard and Poor's five hundred Stock Index closed unchanged at two hundred seventy nine point oh six the Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose zero point zero two to two hundred sixty two point one two and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index added zero point zero two to one hundred fifty seven
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday R. J. R. shares closed at eighty six dollars and seventy five cents up one dollar and seventy five cents
Allegheny filed last February for protection from creditors' lawsuits under Chapter eleven of the federal Bankruptcy Code
Prices of long term Treasury issues rebounded in the afternoon to finish very close to Tuesday's closing levels
Trading volume amounted to a hefty thirteen million shares
The money is available for the purchase of other companies that have products for education and awards markets he said
Her portrayal of this ordinary modern woman reaches levels of truthfulness few actresses would even know how to try for
In nineteen seventy seven the Bafokeng became part of Bophuthatswana when the homeland was granted its nominal independence from South Africa
It looks nothing like a dairy goat which doesn't have horns and is a sleek productive animal says Steven Schack president of the California Dairy Goat Association
Heinz also owns Ets
Indeed a strategic policy that resigns our national existence to the unaccountable discretion of dictators abroad strips the core meaning of democracy at home
Barry Oppenheimer who fought in North Africa with the South African Fourth Armoured Car Regiment was one of a number of members of the family who saw active service on behalf of the Allies
The Pearl Buck Foundation has reportedly just made an agreement with Vietnam to set up an office in Ho Chi Minh City at a cost of two point seven million dollars
Eugene Glazer an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Incorporated said third quarter interest expense of two hundred seventeen million dollars was higher than the two hundred million dollars he had expected
Chief U. S. District Judge Aubrey Robinson released a filing by the Ethics Committee seeking access to the grand jury material
Ms. Trucco is a free lance writer in London
Comparing primary areas the Los Angeles Long Beach area has only twenty four thousand people less than New York the Census Bureau's July nineteen eighty seven estimate shows
Three men in stripy suits and short socks arrive early at the council's office a unionist a bureaucrat and a private businessman who breeds minks
They think the party should guide not manage
But little danger is seen at Atlantic and other healthy companies with employee ownership
Cray Research said the system's list price is seventeen million dollars
Interco maker of Ethan Allen furniture and Converse Shoes among other well known products was seeking an appeal of the decision last night
State legislators from the two major parties see to that
Ford Motor Credit Company MDFC Equipment Leasing Company and Westinghouse Credit Corporation filed a lawsuit charging Washington Natural Gas Company breached a preferred stock agreement
Still that extra yield can be awfully appealing
Mr. Lipton's frequent adversary Joseph Flom observes In a transaction this size and of this complexity who is to say what is an appropriate fee
Also the planned sale of part of Sears's Allstate insurance subsidiary involves only the unit's group life and health businesses which focus on the commercial market
Included in the third quarter was an eight million dollar write down to more accurately reflect the value of current assets at a division that makes glass products
Selkirk didn't elaborate
ADVERTISING Coca Cola Company said hockey star Wayne Gretzky signed a long term agreement for appearances in commercials promotions and community activities in North America
Once the uncertainty of the election is removed Mr. Sass said investors could begin to develop a better feeling about the outlook for the economy inflation and interest rates
Shamrock has argued that the program was erected as a takeover defense by the Cambridge Massachusetts photographic concern in the guise of increasing worker productivity and improving lackluster profits
P. S. of New Hampshire agreed tentatively to pay another utility's share of the costs to keep the troubled Seabrook nuclear plant ready to run
In nineteen eighty seven its sales accounted for three hundred million dollars of Tenneco's roughly fourteen point seven billion dollars in sales
The move is the latest retrenchment of the investment banking firm since the stock market crash in October nineteen eighty seven
Under Chapter eleven a company continues to operate with protection from creditors' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts
Company officials couldn't be reached for comment yesterday
But we had some significant unusual charges associated with the I. U. transaction and the operating income probably won't offset that
Mr. Redman listed several actions that North Korea could take to show a positive constructive response
Lawyers who can't control their verbiage will get no mercy from the U. S. appeals court in Chicago
Certainly it did not appear to be in the cards during the early part of Ms. Long's life
After the war they successfully fight for a royal commission to investigate hospitals all over England
Crucial events are recalled again and again
Fulcrum the second is the general partner of Gibbons Green van Amerongen Limited the investment banking firm that arranged a management led buy out of Budget the nation's third largest car rental company in September nineteen eighty six
Mr. Boudreau who had been in charge of the International Banking sector remains an executive vice president
The old acid test is only sixty percent reliable Edward G. Hewson of the Bowman Gray research team told a recent meeting of the American College of Gastroenterology
It is hardly surprising that the guerrillas' offensive and the U. S. propaganda efforts on their behalf are occurring at a time when the people of Salvador have begun to reject conclusively the methods and the goals of the left
The latter two already publish seven days a week
In a rare victory Greek conservationists last year forced relocation of an air fouling alumina plant planned for historic Delphi
The combination also allows Samsung to follow the successful Japanese model of research and development in which engineers of different specialties are put under one roof where they can influence each other's work
The suit also charges that Messrs.
And some Wall Street analysts are bracing for the real pain elimination of the dividend that has made it a high yield stock
And by cutting prices at its eight hundred twenty five stores as well as its three point five billion dollar a year catalog operation Sears could force other retailers to slash prices too
Any additional cost you put on a product will cost the consumer says Patrick Smithwick an industry consultant and former General Mills executive
Rambo whose real name is Jose Lira de Minezes was once king of the surfers
Most have moved here only within about the past year and many are carrying big mortgages on fancy houses in a shaky real estate market
The fund is aimed at thrifts with less than fifty million dollars to invest in junk bonds Mr. Caywood says
He calls himself the architect of Kraft's present organization and says that after thirty years in the business I know something about organization and think I have an eye for smart people
He said the backing of a major pharmaceutical company would be needed to bring the new approach to clinical trials but he declined to say whether any tie ups with Squibb or any other company were in the offing
Employers however generally haven't made it easy for them to do so
They're changing the very nature of Sears
Mr. Frank also suggested establishing a receivership agency for the assets of failed thrifts in Texas
Some military contractors have scaled back or eliminated honorariums at least for the time being because of a Pentagon procurement scandal
The government said Mr. Shyres bribed Anheuser Busch executives with cash and gifts between nineteen eighty one and nineteen eighty three
Rothschild Incorporated manages about three hundred fifty million dollars of clients' assets only about one fourth the amount that Mr. Tavel had overseen at Value Line
It was quoted at eighty one point five one cents down one point eight percent from eighty three point oh four cents on Friday
If despite their constant arsenal the Soviets are seen by many as the light of world peace can the West even if it receives lesser praise from liberals at least be free to guard its interests with the same caution and sobriety
An earlier proposal in a letter of intent from Metropolitan Consolidated Industries Incorporated was allowed to lapse said One Liberty's president James D. Price
Northern Telecom Limited said it received about fifty million Canadian dollars forty one point five million U. S. dollars of contracts to supply its D. M. S. one hundred and D. M. S. ten telephone switching equipment to cities in the People's Republic of China
But under the dual stock plan family members own Class B. stock that brings their voting rights to about seventy eight percent of the total
A Houston money manager Fayez Sarofim whose firm owns six point nine million Philip Morris shares and three point five million Kraft shares contends With this heavy a commitment to some very good food franchises this should result in an expansion of price earnings multiples
They note that five percent growth can be reached in nineteen eighty nine if oil prices reach fifteen dollars a barrel or more than one dollar higher than current prices
The U. S. announced that it was relaxing some trade travel and diplomatic restrictions against North Korea in an attempt to coax Pyongyang toward normal ties with other nations
This year's boost together with exports has helped maintain the business expansion as consumer spending has slowed slightly
Mr. Quinn was previously president of Barry Wright's Aero Products Group
While the vice president has praised the status quo and labeled our trading relationship with Japan superb Governor Dukakis has called for new approaches
That nips originality in the bud claims Yoshifumi Nishimura a thirty nine year old chemist
What if
To an immigrant with skill America is heaven
Other accountants may call us unprofessional and ungentlemanly but we think it works
The familiarity of electronic media too often breeds contempt
The snowmobiles are dependable and quiet and people are coming back to the sport he said
If significantly more than one million three hundred five thousand six hundred ten shares are tendered by the amended expiration date Oak Hill said it has the option to extend the offer again and amend it for a higher number of shares
It isn't much consolation for Mr. Salinas but the populist opposition leader Cuauhtemoc Cardenas also faces dissent among his supporters
Former President Carlos Andres Perez who ruled the country from nineteen seventy three to nineteen seventy eight is favored to win
Why
Hughes had gambled that it could win the Advanced Automation System contract with a highly advanced showcase system that would track aircraft monitor the weather and deliver information to air traffic controllers on color high resolution computer screens
But in this case contend the PRO's supporters the problem is in Washington where the company didn't get a fair shake
They said sales exceeded forty one million dollars compared with thirty five million dollars in the nineteen eighty seven third quarter
It also may help deflect foreigners' criticism of the market which was created under intense pressure on Japan to liberalize and expand its money markets that it is artificially supported by underwriters
Mr. Gaubert's attorney Abbe David Lowell said Saturday that his client had been assisting Capitol Savings for more than a year on other loan difficulties
Interest rates on real estate loans are still generally higher than rates on corporate bonds of comparable quality
The company is adding a fourth plane to its service
Epeda Bertrand Faure S. A. of Paris seeking to fend off a hostile bid by Valeo S. A. cobbled together a counterbid
The dividend will be paid December fifth to shareholders of record November tenth
Manville said it would complete the plan confirmed by federal bankruptcy court in December nineteen eighty six and begin distributions of cash notes and stock beginning November twenty eighth
Reports of Japanese buying of copper contributed to Friday's rally analysts said
Gibraltar also took a ninety two million dollar provision for loan losses mostly to cover loans on commercial real estate
Indeed the experience of the past twenty years has shown that older women often suffer a severe drop in their standard of living after a divorce
Nevertheless Shearson Lehman Hutton Incorporated's Alan Kassan believes the system might fetch far less three hundred fifty million dollars
The huge Japanese trading company has been considering joining the buy out effort for about two weeks according to Japanese bankers but the company hasn't yet made a decision
The first is a private ceremony to remember and honor the recent dead
Typical rates in the secondary market eight point two oh percent one month eight point four oh percent three months eight point four seven percent six months
OSHA said that in sixty three of one hundred eighty cases requiring surgery the average time off was one point one days with twenty seven not getting any time off although the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health regards thirty to sixty days as necessary recuperative time for such surgery
The results sent Rollins's stock down two dollars and seventy five cents a share to ten point eight seven five dollars as four million shares changed hands on the New York Stock Exchange Friday where it was the most active issue
Lomas's latest quarterly results include a two point six million dollar extraordinary gain from redemption of debt
It defines equity accounts as those holding at most five percent in bonds
The year earlier figure includes profit from discontinued operations of three hundred seventy two thousand dollars
The most important reason for the O. T. C. market's inability to repeat its earlier performance says Christine Callies a Dean Witter Reynolds senior market analyst may be that from the middle of the first quarter the O. T. C. rally was growing increasingly dependent on the top tier of a two tier market
Philip Morris wanted Kraft in particular because its brands don't overlap with General Foods' and because the two companies share the same distribution networks for many products
The full takeover panel will rule on the case as soon as possible including whether Irish Distillers shareholders should be allowed to reconsider their decision to commit to Pernod a spokesman said
Mellon previously reported a loss of about one hundred forty two million dollars on the sale of the assets which contributed to its one hundred sixty six million dollar third quarter net loss
Meanwhile company profits are growing at a healthy annual rate of about fifteen percent providing an incentive for workers to ask for large pay boosts
The fifty eight year old Mr. Wu believes that a broad range of reforms should be introduced quickly to stabilize the economy and control inflation
For the forty weeks ended October third Friday's said net income increased twenty five percent to nine point four million dollars or fifty three cents a share from seven point five million dollars or forty two cents a share
It knocked out electricity and communication services
Mr. Bush next would cover older children living in poverty
In a rigid authoritative hierarchy it can be dangerous to have nit pickers and paper pushers giving orders to folks who know what is really important
For this purpose mummification beats cryogenics advocates claim
A loss from discontinued operations gave Tenneco third quarter net income of seven million dollars or two cents a share
Senior officers usually become part owners of the company through the L. B. O.
Yet there is even less evidence of a G. O. P. groundswell here than among the general electorate
Maybe that's why there's only one black person at this Rotary Club luncheon and he's seated next to Dan
In August Prime said it expected third quarter net to be at least twenty percent below analysts' expectations indicating profit was likely to fall below eleven million dollars
Julian Baldry an analyst with Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Incorporated said Alcan is spending heavily to prepare for the next business cycle
Soviets lined up for hours to get a glimpse of such unknown treasures as graphite tennis rackets Ferrari cars and smart leather shoes
Like many Republicans Mr. Lott was burned by a nineteen eighty one vote to eliminate minimum benefits for the elderly and under pressure from Democrats he reversed himself
Separately Microsoft introduced yesterday the newest version of its popular word processing software called Word
Typically ninety percent or more of the shares outstanding are tendered in a successful offer but never one hundred percent
As a result the number of people receiving state benefits has fallen below two percent of those covered by jobless insurance for the first time since at least nineteen seventy one officials said
The Beltway media are singing this chorus because the election is not turning on what they regard as the issues the deficit how much to raise taxes how much to cut the defense budget
Meantime the company has acquired stakes in such companies as Safeway Stores Incorporated Dayton Hudson Corporation Stop and Shop Company F. W. Woolworth Company Zayre Corporation and Kroger Corporation
Arnold Fishman president of Marketing Logistics Incorporated in Lincolnshire Illinois estimates that fewer than a third of U. S. households spend more than seven hundred fifty dollars a year on catalog orders
By the close of trading in London the Dow Jones Industrial Average had lost thirty five point oh two points to two thousand one hundred thirty point one six
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation said it reached a settlement with Advanced Micro Devices Incorporated in a trade secret dispute
Instead they stress long term capital appreciation above all else
Yes Young admits money also played a role in that decision
Traders shrugged off reports that the United Arab Emirates had reiterated it wouldn't accept an OPEC production quota of less than one point five million barrels a day
Interco alleged that the partnership the Rales set up for the Interco acquisition was an elaborate structure of shell entity upon shell entity evidence of a device designed to evade antitrust law requirements
It would be funded by new types of junk bonds such as superconductivity indexed debentures and perpetual zero coupon debentures
Mutual Shares Corporation a Short Hills N. J. mutual fund that owns a two percent holding in Lonrho would sell its stake if the bidding started at around four pounds and fifty pence a share said Philippe Brugere Trelat Mutual's vice president
Meanwhile mortgage securities showed moderate gains this session but lagged the advance in the Treasury market
Mr. Bush also voiced few regrets about the tone of his campaign despite a new Wall Street Journal slash N. B. C. News poll showing a widespread public belief that he and his opponent are running negative campaigns
In the year ended June thirtieth net income was one point three one billion dollars or nine dollars and ninety cents a share and sales rose to eleven point four eight billion dollars
But Moscow is expected to act on the basis of lists handed to it by Germany and other Western countries
Mr. Wendt said he was particularly concerned about Moscow's new willingness to sign joint ventures with Western concerns
To be sure the soaring yen of the past three years has forced many Japanese companies to move some production offshore
G. M.'s Electronic Data Systems Corporation unit turned in the strongest performance of the three as net income for the third quarter rose sixteen point five percent
That's part of the problem replied Lord Keith of Castleacre interim chairman of the big British pharmaceuticals and consumer products maker
At the heart of the case is plaintiff Patrick J. Kennedy's charge that Metropolitan Life didn't deal in good faith when in late nineteen eighty six he tried to restructure the mortgage it held on his La Mansion del Norte hotel
Saturdays November fifth to twelve eight to nine p. m. E. S. T. on P. B. S. Necessary Parties
But if Great Western manages to switch into the F. D. I. C. and take advantage of its lower deposit insurance premiums it definitely will deal a psychological and financial blow to the already battered F. S. L. I. C.
In addition the cost of incentives also hurt U. S. profits
The Fed chairman said substantial cuts in the budget deficit next year would help pave the way for lower interest rates
For obvious reasons neither Americans nor Russians admit to many national similarities
In the world market Egypt bought about fifty five thousand tons of sugar a larger quantity than expected
With the economy stronger than anticipated this summer hotel construction has resumed most noticeably in the economy and all suite markets
A victory by Mr. Dukakis would of course secure his leadership of the party
Although Mr. Kehl has a Coast Guard pilot's license he generally tends to the food service his twenty dollars and ninety five cents breakfast cruises were a great hit and leaves running the boat to his more experienced pilots
While the E. C. is talking about setting a quota only for Japanese cars the U. S. is worried about the possible effects
The irony of all this is that in the face of mounting trade friction we've been prodding Japan to do something about its enormous trade surpluses
Mr. Sheehan one of the press boosters of the nineteen sixty three coup to overthrow Ngo Dinh Diem spending sixteen years on a book to justify that ill fated decision
American Baby is one of just a handful of magazines that use a computerized binding process known as selective binding
Still the recent thirteen point nine billion dollar recapitalization proposal at Kraft Incorporated and the seventeen point six billion dollar buy out plan at R. J. R. Nabisco Incorporated have clearly intensified interest in L. B. O.s and changed the terms of the debate
Neither Freddie Mac nor Fannie Mae would be a good stock if either's business was in a slump investors say
Proponents called such mail part of an incumbent protection machine
Mesa Limited Partnership said it had net income of nine point eight million dollars or twelve cents a unit for the third quarter a more than sixfold increase from the one point six million dollars or seven cents a unit reported last year
And it may face problems in the future
The ten most actively traded issues accounted for forty one point two percent of trade Wednesday compared with fifty six point four percent Tuesday
Mr. Wang's salary was reported to have been about thirty thousand dollars
I'd prefer to see them add more brand name products that they could sell through mass merchandisers said Daniel Coleman an analyst with Cable Howse and Ragen Seattle
Drug companies also are viewed as likely takeover candidates traders say
After Bretton Woods collapsed Congress asked the Fed to set targets for the growth of the money supply and to report regularly on how things were going
Yet Ms. Monaghan said that the currency's fall from just above one point eight six marks and one hundred thirty three yen October seventh hasn't been disorderly
The board is authorized to borrow as the government's agent giving it the backing of the government's full faith and credit
And now led by the Reverend Jesse Jackson Democratic leaders are charging that the attacks on the governor's furlough program may encourage racial tension because Willie Horton who is usually singled out as evidence of how the program went wrong is a black man who raped a white woman while he was on furlough
Loans for leveraged takeovers tend to be concentrated in the largest banks at least in the short term
A nine hundred phone number set up by D. C. in September enabled a small group of hard core fans to vote on whether Robin should live or die
Mr. Wang said that because of the worsening trade imbalance the central government will exercise stricter control next year over foreign currency management which has been gradually decentralized
The younger man is now a salesman for Dow Chemical in Midland
We believe buying our stock is an attractive investment and a sound way to build shareholder value said James M. Osterhoff vice president for finance
Cohen and Kravis was more civil than a previous session Friday in which Mr. Kravis vowed to bid for R. J. R. to protect his franchise in the field of big buy outs
Eisenhower agreed
Mr. Farb added that the company's cash and short term investments at October second stood at eleven point two million dollars up from eleven million dollars at June thirtieth
In your October thirteenth article Unnecessary Military Bases Face Closing Under Legislation Approved by Congress you make reference to Fort Sheridan Illinois as known for its golf course and two beaches on Lake Michigan
Now they can research and study the effects of this catastrophe for the next twenty five years
Given these conditions and its own proclivities it may be too much to expect bold leadership on the bases question from the Aquino government
The class action suit filed last week in federal district court in Washington D. C. alleges that the fast food chain a unit of Pillsbury Company engaged in redlining by steering and confining the overwhelming majority of black franchisees to low income depressed urban areas characterized by higher costs and crime
The Federation of American Scientists assailed the restart plans contending it's too risky until after an exhaustive safety review
Oooh he's powerful says a matronly women named Joyce
The proposed rule would create a safe harbor explicitly allowing the resale of unregistered debt and equity to big institutional investors such as insurance companies
But what worries me most of all is where's Dan
But the completion of the new constitution has helped forge a more favorable climate because though viewed as flawed it is seen as an improvement over the legal limbo that preceded it
That was well above the pace a year ago immediately after the Wall Street collapse and slightly higher than the rate at the start of the new model year earlier this month
The company said its board has appointed a committee of independent directors to evaluate the proposal and make a recommendation to the board and shareholders
The test ought to be whether the scene would have been there anyway
In most cities however black leaders have been reluctant to speak out against anti Asian prejudice which only encourages intolerance
Beazer P. L. C. reported pretax profit rose fifty nine percent to one hundred fourteen point seven million pounds two hundred one million dollars from seventy two point three million pounds for the year ended June thirtieth
Standard and Poor's five hundred Stock Index added zero point one zero to two hundred eighty two point three eight the Dow Jones Equity Market Index dipped zero point zero six to two hundred sixty five point two one and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index went up zero point zero two to one hundred fifty eight point eight seven
Investors took that to mean the trend for interest rates could continue to be a decline
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady is very interested in the idea of a sliding scale capital gains tax according to several top officials at the department
It adds that it stuck with its two week companywide production furlough last summer to give workers and plants a break
Britain blocked Minorco's three point five nine billion dollar bid for Consolidated Gold Fields a day after a U. S. court took similar action
The banks are sponsoring a new German futures and options exchange to better compete with London Europe's largest exchange
Moreover banks have found the five percent limitation restrictive and are expected to ask the Fed to raise it to at least ten percent
Takeovers and restructurings have hammered corporate bond prices because they usually create huge amounts of new debt that make a company's existing bonds plunge in price
The yield declined to four point six two percent from four point six seven five percent
The law requires basic warranty coverage for twenty four months or eighteen thousand miles and prevents manufacturers from charging a one hundred dollar deductible for warranty visits during that period
Despite consistent readings under fifty recently agency officials remain optimistic about the economy
Earnings decreased to three hundred fifty two million dollars from four hundred twenty million dollars on a five percent revenue decline to five point four billion dollars from five point seven billion dollars
The Toms River operation currently employs six hundred fifty workers two hundred fifty of whom will lose their jobs after the phase out the company said
A SHIP SANK with more than five hundred people aboard in a typhoon off the Philippines
Although pirating is a huge problem for U. S. companies in Taiwan Mr. Welch said that a great deal of progress has been made in recent years
An increasing number of U. S. scientists say pollution's effects probably won't be nailed down before drastic harm is done and are calling for measures to lower air pollution
Westinghouse Electric Corporation also recently started selling an amorphous metal transformer
James Spence is a partner in the Toronto firm of Tory Tory DesLauriers and Binnington and chairman of the law society committee that studied the issue for more than two years
A spokesman in Tunis yesterday denied the P. L. O. favored the Labor Party and said it only wanted Israelis to vote for peace rather than war
The crowd pressed in and the announcer's voice was tinged with urgency
It has about fifty one point three million shares outstanding
Women by contrast are more willing to accept the new and different perhaps because they realize their options are limited the report observes
With the reforms Mr. Sillin advocates nuclear construction planning horizons are still in the ten year range
Currently about seventy percent of Kroger's stores are either new or recently remodeled
But as he travels through the state he still finds it necessary to introduce himself by saying Hi I'm your senator
For the third quarter Chase reported two hundred eighty two point eight million dollars or three dollars and nine cents a share in net income twenty five percent above the two hundred twenty five point seven million dollars or two dollars and fifty five cents a share a year earlier
Halloween is a one day business and there's no sense in spreading it out year round says Mr. Jaffe director of marketing
B. H. P. shares fell fourteen Australian cents eleven and one half U. S. cents to seven point nine eight Australian dollars six U. S. dollars and fifty four cents on the Australian Stock Exchange yesterday after the announcement was made
And this is a big country
One quick solution is to change Japan's lending rate structure especially if the change effectively boosts interest rates
New York's Davis Polk and Wardwell is representing R. J. R. Nabisco while Fried Frank is advising Philip Morris
If they had passed the full amount we asked for in nineteen eighty six we wouldn't have the problem we have today argues Robert Zoellick issues director for the Bush campaign
Users of the service pay seven cents for each transaction in their accounts
Ironically Mr. Milken has never been nearer the center of the financial establishment than he is in the hour of his legal crisis
Use of these securities was then extended to mergers and acquisitions and in the early stages this application was also constructive
What's taxable and what's not
D. S. C.'s president and chief executive officer James L. Donald blamed the late withdrawal of a major order and production limitations
The leveraged financial industry has been a game of Can you top this for three years says James Grant the editor of grant's Interest Rate Observer
Mr. Maltz's stake in Malrite which operates eleven radio stations and six independent television stations already represents about seventy four percent of its total voting power
That transaction will close in January but G. T. E. has already set aside its share of U. S. Sprint's estimated losses for nineteen eighty eight
Daisy Systems Corporation said it intends to increase its tender offer for the shares outstanding of Cadnetix Corporation to eight point three seven five dollars a share from eight dollars a share
However foreign exchange traders remain bearish on the U. S. currency in the longer term
Chase Manhattan Corporation's president Thomas Labreque has said his company will seek clearance to underwrite mutual funds as well as debt securities
He adds It's also scary
With farm productivity rising faster than domestic food consumption We simply don't eat enough to keep up says A. Gary Shilling of A. Gary Shilling and Company New York
Although the results slightly bettered expectations the shares slipped half a penny to five hundred ninety pence ten dollars and forty cents in the generally declining market
But it's still a little early to do anything
A federal grand jury in Tampa Florida indicted Wilfred American Educational Corporation its president and eighteen other employees charging them with misusing student financial aid funds
Kelso acquired ninety two percent of the trucking concern's shares through a tender offer for about twenty six dollars each
Also full job security would be guaranteed for eighty five percent of the seventeen thousand eight hundred U. A. W. employees at Caterpillar's eight U. S. plants the heavy equipment maker said
Beyond the Bush Quayle boost Republican Mutz is counting on stretch drive help from G. O. P. Senator Richard Lugar who seems to be cruising to an easy re election victory and from his own running mate who hails from the big Indianapolis media market
Fear as a stimulus to seek help for a personal problem
During the past decade the ratio rose by almost two percentage points
Whether this rising level of methane was abnormal or was just a natural variation was uncertain
But I concluded that what I was trying to do at General Motors was not complete
Perhaps we should make the charitable assumption that the governor didn't know what was happening in his state administration while he was off campaigning for president
The legislation also would empower the S. E. C. to investigate securities law violations on behalf of foreign governments
Gaming and Technology now is trading at eight dollars and seventy five cents up from the seven dollars a share she paid for it
His Holmes is a virtuoso temperamental and imperious
Where was the A. C. L. U. when the Supreme Court last term ruled in Beck v.
All the figures are adjusted for usual seasonal variations
Have nothing to lose
A group led by Mr. Grace said last October that it controlled a four point three percent stake in Perception and that it might seek control of the company which makes interactive voice response systems
Economists say personal income gains may be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Gilbert and by drought affected farm earnings
But even if a new president could achieve such massive job growth why should he want to
We're primarily in Treasurys because we figure nobody is going to try to L. B. O. the government said John Rust a vice president at Wood Struthers and Winthrop
She adds that none of her five stores ever turned a profit
The women also contend that the representative threatened to revoke their license and halt deliveries in order to get them to accept unwanted merchandise
I made it through then and I can do again
After two years we were just about only interviewing Harvard and Stanford M. B. A.s recalls Mr. Winokur
They did not really faithfully expand what was at the heart of their success says Marketcorp Ventures' Mr. Hunter
It's a relatively simple case says his lawyer Jose Manuel Diokno
Analysts say this could be the first of many large scale layoffs in an industry that has already let go more than sixteen thousand people since last October's stock market crash
He also thinks the growth in the number of working wives may make it easier for many men to stop working earlier
Another provision would place a temporary fifteen percent excise tax on a company's withdrawals of excess pension assets
General Microwave Amityville N. Y. last week posted a one hundred sixty one thousand dollar loss for the fiscal second quarter ended August twenty ninth on revenue of four point eight million dollars
An electronic exchange answers a sensitive political issue in Switzerland where the cantons fear overdominance by Zurich the country's banking center
The venture to be called Lucky Allied Plastics Corporation will make polyamide and polyethylene teraphthalate thermoplastic polyester molding compounds and offer engineering services to Korean industries
Prices early this week are likely to be jittery in response to an Agriculture Department report released late Friday showing a sharp drop in the number of cattle being fattened for slaughter
In contrast to West Germany Japan is seen easing its policy slightly since the Bank of Japan trimmed its one month two month and three month bill discount rates last week thus eliminating some of the downward pressure on the dollar against the yen
A company organized by six mortgage insurers to provide replacement coverage to former T. M. I. C. Insurance Company policyholders said it expects new coverage to be available by December first
Some lawyers predict that the R. J. R. bond situation will pressure companies to include special provisions in new issues protecting investors
In a filing with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission the eleven New England utilities that own Seabrook said they can afford the extra cost and will deposit the money in a separate account if the N. R. C. wants
The company now has eight directors
The chairman noted that third quarter net income grew somewhat faster than earnings per share because a dividend reinvestment program has increased shares outstanding
Executives of Atlanta based R. J. R. reached last night said they didn't know of any competitive offer by Kohlberg and wouldn't comment
In the center of Volgograd its name was changed in nineteen sixty one during Nikita Khrushchev's anti Stalin campaign almost every building and street is a memorial to the two hundred day battle that Soviet historians consider a turning point in the war
There was no old age insurance no unemployment compensation no guarantee of bank deposits no farm price supports no federal regulations of the securities exchanges
In the just completed study participants treated with one of four types of anti arthritis medications also received either Zantac or a placebo
Theodore Sorensen the architect of Ask not and other soaring John Kennedy lines recalls an earlier liberalism of civic obligation and popular community goals
A scholarly and sensitive man desperate for understanding he tries to explain himself
That's an unacceptable situation for the American people to be in given the thousands of nuclear warheads aimed at us
Robert DiMarco who headed up R. J. R.'s development of Premier calls that charge patently bunk because the cigarette wouldn't withstand the tampering
General Avril's government is under popular pressure not to facilitate the escape of Mr. Romain who is accused of heinous crimes
Working against the grocery chains is the increasing consolidation in the food industry
There is also an outsized shiny Egyptian style statue of Hadrian's catamite Antinous who drowned in the Nile
His first bid made in September nineteen eighty seven when G. A. F. shares were selling in the fifty four dollar range was for sixty six dollars and fifty cents a share
Meanwhile British Trade Minister Alan Clark and his Soviet counterpart Konstatin Katushev said the countries had reached an agreement valued at as much as one hundred seventy million pounds pounds to manufacture light commercial vehicles in the Soviet Union and to open a photocopy shop in Moscow
The pact provides a quick entry for B. P. America Incorporated the U. S. affiliate of B. P. into the lucrative West Coast gasoline market
Most investment professionals agree however that buying after the announcement is a high risk strategy as is chasing rumors about which company may be next to attract a bid
I. T. T. said its industrial products businesses posted higher earnings for the nine months because of a very strong performance in automotive products
Revenue overall rose seven point seven percent to seven hundred sixty seven point nine million dollars compared with seven hundred thirteen million dollars a year ago
In the meantime the political fallout has started to land squarely on the anti Bork forces most notably but far from solely on the American Civil Liberties Union
G. T. I. Corporation said it completed the acquisition of the eighty percent of closely held Electronic Supply Corporation it didn't already own in a cash and stock transaction with a total value of about twelve point three million dollars
The plan would give him a controlling interest in the company
The S. E. C. and attorneys for plaintiffs in thirteen other insider trading related civil cases that Judge Pollack also is presiding over are expected to oppose Drexel's petition asking the appeals court to remove Judge Pollack
The association says its member companies lose more than one hundred million dollars a year in potential sales and royalties because their patents aren't protected under Brazilian law
The words legal fraternity are taken quite literally by some members of the Texas bar
Centaur Partners a New York based investor group that has been indicating an interest in acquiring Pennwalt Corporation for several months raised its stake in the diversified chemical concern slightly to eight point six percent
I'll probably go for Dukakis he says although personally I don't like either one
However he emphasized not being fully malignant doesn't mean that KS can't kill
Its very size magnifies the problems and consequences of this passage and its most important business tobacco has been under siege
What's more the former delegate said if Iran doesn't agree it will be blamed for the failure of this meeting blame that the politically sensitive and revenue starved Iranians aren't eager to shoulder at this time
Monsanto dropped five eighths to eighty its third quarter net of one dollar and sixty seven cents a share was on the low end of expectations
The Software Publishers Association a trade group expects dollar volume of software sales to jump more than forty percent this year while most analysts are looking for P. C. sales to rise only about twenty five percent
Another cash flow buff Robert Raiff research director of C. J. Lawrence Morgan Grenfell Incorporated says that this week's two megadeals mean that companies with ten billion dollar stock market valuations are no longer out of reach for bidders
Analysts said the plan could deter any hostile attempts by the Pritzkers who hold seven point two percent of Ramada's thirty nine point seven million shares and who offered ten dollar a share for Ramada through H. C. C. Corporation a company they control
Traders said the second round of selling was a result of continued bearish market sentiment in a thin market and not because of any specific news
We'll ask What has Bush done for you says campaign chairman Paul Brountas
That conjecture stemmed from a rise in the closely watched interest rate on federal funds or reserves that banks lend each other
A federal jury ruled in June that Liggett Group wrongly implied cigarettes were safe in its advertising before nineteen sixty six
But in choosing Mr. Lennon as his next target Mr. Goldman appears to be trying to debunk the undebunkable
The decision to seek the charges reportedly came after failure to reach an accord
In reading your September sixteenth Notable and Quotable piece by Yonas Deressa president of the Ethiopian Refugees Education and Relief Foundation it is appalling to know that our nations allow the World Bank to condone such horrendous acts being committed by the State of Ethiopia
I understand it better than you do
But today's A. C. L. U. seeks to stretch that principle beyond recognition
First Eastern Corporation set up a merchant banking unit and formed a ten million dollar capital fund to invest in high growth companies in the mid Atlantic region
Since last quarter Microsoft realigned its main products into business groups that are more autonomous and more accountable for their individual profitability
At a press conference shortly after they left the consulate the three said they turned down a government offer to go into exile
The multifamily housing industry has been weak this year and housing economists said the August drop and September rebound don't suggest any change in that trend
P. S. E. which is based here is a developer and operator of cogeneration plants
Though shareholder rights plans as companies refer to them are common in the U. S. Inco earlier this month became the first major Canadian company to implement one
Switzerland's unemployment rate fell to zero point six percent of the work force in September from zero point seven percent in August reaching its lowest level in six years the government said
Net expenses associated with acquiring foreclosed properties increased to eighty one million dollars from forty million dollars a year earlier reflecting continued deterioration of real estate values in Texas Colorado and other Southwestern markets where Mellon is heavily exposed
South Korean President Roh Tae Woo expressed optimism that his effort to reunify the two Koreas will produce results in only a few years
Subsidiaries of three of Japan's four largest securities firms Daiwa Securities Nomura and Yamaichi were already participants in July's Soviet bond issue of five hundred million West German marks
Despite taking the charge in the quarter ended September twenty fifth Hasbro said profit increased to eighteen point one million dollars or thirty one cents a share from eleven point two million dollars or nineteen cents a share a year earlier
In composite trading yesterday A. M. R. shares closed at forty eight point eight seven five dollars down eighty seven point five cents
In some corners of the countryside the mood now seems surly
A year earlier net income was seventy two thousand dollars or one cent a share on sales of seventy eight point six million dollars
The Coast Guard wants the codes changed daily to foil traffickers
But these provocative pictures get the message across in a non direct way
The economy will sidestep both recession and severe inflation over the next two years according to a recent Conference Board survey
But because neither Mr. Bush nor Mr. Dukakis will discuss problems facing the two biggest entitlement programs Medicare and Social Security important changes affecting millions of people are likely to be made without a national debate or consensus
The money also will be used to expand sales and marketing activities buy manufacturing equipment and possibly to make acquisitions
American Express Company owns about seventy one percent of Shearson's common stock
Edsel Ford and Kathleen Ford will remain trustees
Internally Salomon remains caught up in a debate over its direction
Yesterday's action exemplified how two markets can react differently to the same news
And they called for more of the same
Revenue from telephone operations increased seven percent to six hundred thirty four point six million dollars while long distance connection services surged ten point five percent to three hundred twenty seven point nine million dollars
Already available in regular extra sweet and sugar free it soon was being sold as a frozen novelty and now as a ready to drink beverage
Dow's net for the first nine months of the year nearly doubled to one point seven six billion dollars or nine dollars and thirty two cents a share from eight hundred eighty eight million dollars or four dollars and sixty two cents a year earlier
At least six Wall Street brokerage houses downgraded the stock in the past two days Bear Stearns Kidder Merrill Lynch Prudential Bache Shearson Lehman Hutton and Smith Barney Harris Upham
Gold prices tend to fall when the dollar strengthens as it did earlier in the year and they tend to follow inflation which has remained low
E. D. S. lawyer William Slusser in a testy in court exchange with Mr. Perot repeatedly challenged the billionaire to fix the date of the meeting at which he told E. D. S. officers his interpretation of the now disputed non compete clause
The Financial Times one hundred share index gained five point five points to one thousand eight hundred sixty two point five below its best level for the day of one thousand eight hundred sixty seven point eight
On that day last year many frightened investors scrambled to buy short term government backed securities a phenomenon known as flight to quality
Those pacemakers were shown to have the potential to suddenly lose their ability to stimulate the heart
We decided this would be a cop out said David Culver chairman of Alcan Aluminium Limited and chairman of the alliance's executive committee
Acting as his own television adviser Mr. Taylor supervised production of his initial T. V. commercials
Time Incorporated said third quarter earnings rose nine point five percent on gains in its books group and the inclusion of the first dividend from the company's investment in Turner Broadcasting Systems Incorporated
Thomas M. Walker vice president for finance and administration and treasurer was named a director of this maker of highly purified human vaccines increasing the board to seven
American a unit of A. M. R. Corporation also said it will offer seventy nine dollar one way fares between Kansas City and West Palm Beach to cities connecting through the hub in Nashville Tennessee
Before me the audience had what they called an entirely positive heroine a woman who doesn't know anything about love in life but who sings about it on the stage
The company and some analysts do have some guesses
The results didn't surprise analysts who were warned after the second quarter that earnings growth for the bottler which is forty nine percent owned by Coca Cola Company would slow some in the second half
Mr. Yeutter said Japan already has adopted such a tariffication plan by converting its import quotas on beef and citrus products to tariffs
David Lippman Drexel's drug analyst said that even if the expanded claim is approved as he expects the product won't be as big a seller as everyone thought
Marta Hernandez a physician at the hospital recalls one woman arriving at the obstetrics clinic in the morning being referred to the labor and delivery unit because the clinic was short staffed
The day care center operator had a year earlier profit of two million dollars or thirteen cents a share
A review of the cracking is being considered an addendum to the Aloha accident investigation he said
Outside the U. S. Scott said consolidated sales rose twenty one percent
The figure represents nearly fifteen percent of Lonrho's common shares outstanding
Mr. Roh made clear yesterday reunification is the ultimate goal
If completed the merger will yield a twelve million dollar windfall for Philip Morris's merger adviser Wasserstein Perella and Company the eight month old firm started by the two former First Boston merger stars Bruce Wasserstein and Joseph Perella
The truth is that since nineteen eighty the financial revolution in trading portfolios rather than individual stocks has caused the Chicago exchanges to prosper relative to the New York Stock Exchange
C. P. C.'s consumer products include Hellmann's mayonnaise Mazola corn oil and margarine Skippy peanut butter Thomas' English muffins and Knorr soups
Donald S. Schofield First Union's president and chief executive officer said he had emphasized to the rating service that the REIT's coverage ratios are almost identical to those prevailing when it brought out its debt issues three years ago
Separately Borden Chemicals reported net income of thirty three point six million dollars for the third quarter ended September twenty third on revenue of one hundred forty one point five million dollars
After being buffeted with an eighteen point six percent decline in the nineteen eighty seven fourth quarter Mr. Rogers latched on to some of those bargains resulting in a thirty five point five percent gain through this year's first nine months
But the whopping pre crash P. slash E. ratio was in anticipation that nineteen eighty eight would see the biggest surge in corporate profits in forty years thanks to lower tax and interest rates huge bank write offs which somewhat depressed corporate profits last year and the falling dollar which boosted U. S. companies' foreign sales
Terms weren't disclosed
Union members who voted against the accord said they wanted guarantees that Chrysler wouldn't cut jobs at the plant through outsourcing a cost saving step in which auto makers give work normally handled in a plant to outside suppliers or subcontractors
Kidder says that while Supermarkets General is a stronger credit than Kroger the Kroger issue should yield only twenty five to fifty basis points more than the Supermarkets General issue
People in their fifties and up particularly end up losing benefits they expected to have at retirement
Operating profit at its newspaper publishing group rose eighty four percent to fifty three point eight million dollars largely benefiting from a swing to profitability by its New York Daily News
The Energy Department admitted last week that it has been aware since nineteen fifty one of dangerous environmental problems at the Fernald plant
In the original bidding Qantas was preferred above a bid by British Airways
Merrill Lynch and Company is spending more than one million dollars to get the word out in full page newspaper advertisements and prime time television spots
He said Pillsbury's chairman Philip L. Smith has agreed to meet with some franchisees in the next few days to discuss the company's future
But tonight at the Comic Strip there is nowhere to hide
Following the New York engagement the company travels to Washington's Kennedy Center for two weeks of Nutcracker December seventh to seventeen then back to its West Coast base Los Angeles's Dorothy Chandler Pavilion for the local debut of the production December twenty third to thirty one. two hundred twelve two hundred sixty five to seven thousand three hundred
Sometimes the rocks are loose and they crumble and you can't accurately measure their permeability said Mr. Sheng
Mr. Agnelli who was in Moscow for a trade fair of Italian products said he had been approached by Soviet Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzhkov about possibly collaborating on auto production
United Cable Television Corporation said it posted net income of three point five million dollars or eight cents a share for the fiscal first quarter ended August thirty first on a nineteen percent revenue rise to seventy two point six million dollars
The plan is subject to approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission which is expected to rule soon
The only differences between the Y. M. C. A. and the for profits are that the Y. M. C. A.'s ultimate concern is the welfare of the client not the corporate profits and that the Y. M. C. A.'s excess revenue goes to charitable causes not shareholder dividends
The airline said magnetized tray tables on some of its aircraft caused problems for five inch diskettes but not for the three point five inch size
Bath Iron Works Corporation agreed to a unique settlement of Labor Department worker safety charges pledging to help fund a new worker health and safety training center in Maine
Robert S. Pirie president of Rothschild Incorporated Maxwell's U. S. investment bank said the lockup would cost any acquirer besides K. K. R. two hundred fifty million dollars or about eight dollars a share in taxes
Efforts to revive her failed
A toxicologist testified at the trial that he believed Ashley had suffered a chronic intoxication of several days' duration
A major hurdle however is convincing consumers that pre cut fruits and vegetables are as fresh as those they can choose themselves from the produce bin
The problem is that British industrial productivity has grown far faster than Germany's allowing British manufacturers to raise pay far faster than in Germany and add to inflationary pressures he says
The economic equation is very difficult and he has been unable to get sufficient compromise from the unions
The airline and its subsidiary Nippon Cargo have now ordered or taken delivery of eighty two widebody aircraft powered by G. E.'s C. F. six to fifty and C. F. six to eighty family of turbofan engines G. E. said
Income from trading activities rose to one hundred seventeen point nine million dollars in the third quarter from thirty five point five million dollars in nineteen eighty seven's third quarter Morgan said
He supported Mr. Bush in the nineteen eighty presidential campaign but has been helped since by the teachers because of his independence from the administration's policies
There are some nineteen drill sites around Los Angeles in predominantly lower income neighborhoods where prolific oilfields have been exploited for nearly a century
Defense lawyers said yesterday they would soon petition the Second U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan to issue a writ of mandamus barring Judge Pollack from the case
Pan Am engineers invented such procedures as plane de icing its crews piloted the first jetliners
It's always been my intention to make T. W. A. the premier airline again
Mexican economist Carlos Hurtado said The idea of the loan is to calm the exchange market which has been very stirred up lately and to give credibility to the anti inflation plan
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing T. R. Partners said the group said that if necessary it will launch a proxy contest to elect a new board
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past thirty days not a forecast of future returns
The size of the deal also shouldn't pose any financing problems for Philip Morris
The Commerce Department said retailers' inventories grew one point four percent in August as their sales dropped zero point one percent
Computer Intelligence found that eighty six percent of the early customers were either satisified or extremely satisfied and found none that wasn't at least fairly satisfied
Others however argue that the shares are still very expensive and will drain money from a market that is absorbing many other equity and convertible bond issues
Reynolds based in Richmond Virginia said world wide demand continues to grow especially in Europe and Japan
Sales of one hundred sixteen point eight million dollars climbed fifteen percent from one hundred one point two million dollars a year ago
Most other Vons followers agree the stock is undervalued
Separately the company posted net income of fifty three point eight million dollars for the third quarter compared with a two hundred thirty two point eight million dollar loss a year ago that included various restructuring charges
Since the value of the debentures will be subject to interest rate movements and market trading investors see some problems with the value Interco has assigned to its offer the analysts added
The engine similarities have helped solve the chicken and egg problem that confronts new technologies which must be cheap to become popular but require huge volumes for cheap manufacture
If Proposition one hundred three gets more yes votes than no votes and also receives more yes votes than any other initiative with conflicting provisions rates on all auto policies and most casualty insurance policies issued or renewed after November eighth would have to be reduced by twenty percent
The better the hitter the fewer mistakes he makes
The U. S. presidential campaign muddies the picture even further
Your series on the problems and potentials of chemical and biological warfare has performed a public service of immense value
The developments Friday followed the completion earlier this month of an agreement by a consortium of West German banks led by Deutsche Bank A. G. for a three billion mark one point six seven billion dollars credit package for Moscow
If we were still out there trying to cover the waterfront with no strategy I don't think the C. E. O. would tolerate that kind of nonsense Eugene Wilson president of the Arco Foundation says in an interview
Energy prices are falling at just the same time food prices are rising
Malrite Communications Group Incorporated said the management group that proposed the acquisition of the company has extended its deadline for a definitive merger agreement to October twenty eighth
Some large telephone users are already experimenting with the new technology to streamline communications in such areas as engineering and marketing
No doubt we all have friends among the middle class users who could afford to pay
Thus each now sees its relations with the other as just one aspect albeit a significant one of a broader foreign policy orientation
Busy Stoics prefer to demonstrate their vanity in another way altogether By refusing to complain about how busy they are
Intel paid cash the amount wasn't disclosed and will pay royalties to G. E. for a number of years Intel executives said at a news conference here
Similarly economists recently polled by M. M. S. International are expecting a four point nine percent gain in the C. P. I. in nineteen eighty nine many had previously been expecting a five point five percent increase
We're going to be more aggressive starting with this he says
The news Friday surprised grain traders and sent wheat futures prices tumbling at the Chicago Board of Trade
Still the prospect of such swiftly mounting surpluses in the nearer term has prompted the widespread impression of a notably improved federal financial situation to the extreme where for example there's even some worry that Treasury securities may prove in the presumed absence of a federal need to borrow publicly unobtainable
Negotiable bank backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order
The new thrift has total assets of about three point nine billion dollars
The perfect spy of the title is Magnus Pym the handsome offspring of a notorious confidence man named Rick Pym and Dorothy the younger sister and sexual victim of a puritanical preacher slash politician slash pedophile named Sir Makepeace Watermaster
We don't comment on matters of speculation he said
The whole clearing area needs work and strengthening acknowledges the stock exchange's Mr. Phelan
Young and Rubicam a major advertising agency and Burson Marsteller a public relations firm have been suggesting campaign themes for almost a year Andersen officials say
American President Companies which analysts regard as a takeover candidate launched a tender offer for four million or about twenty percent of its shares outstanding
Under such a circumstance the agreement states the trust won't block acquisition above nine point nine percent provided three other conditions are met one
A doubling of Winnebago's forty cent a share annual dividend had to be delayed and along with it a doubling of Mr. Hanson's personal five million dollar a year dividend income. His nineteen eighty seven salary was two hundred fifty nine thousand two hundred fifty two dollars
Schlumberger said it chose Austin because it already has an engineering systems center there and because of proximity to the University of Texas a big research center
Fred Lennarson an Edmonton management consultant advising Lubicons said all the oil wells in the area have closed
It lost one eighth to thirteen and one quarter on volume of fifteen point four million shares
He collected university degrees like they were bottle tops from Texas A and M. Harvard George Washington and M. I. T.
Anticipation that visible supplies will shrink more quickly was a major price boosting factor
Mark Hatfield R. Oregon William Proxmire D. Wisconsin and Evans voted against the bill
But polls following Mr. Dukakis's disastrous showing in the final debate indicate Mr. Bush is surging and widening his lead with only twenty two days left until November eighth Election Day
It strengthened from one point seven five oh five dollars a day earlier despite reports the Bank of England had sold modest amounts of pounds for dollars
In any case most of the warnings about runaway litigiousness also rely on federal court figures
Aflatoxin has already been detected in the corn harvest of many Midwest states where it is rarely found
That's as good an explanation as any of how the Dodgers beat the Mets hailed by most and sundry as the league's best going into the playoffs
In his September twenty ninth editorial page diatribe on why only good students should be permitted to vote Stop That Teen Ager Before He Votes Elliot Rosenberg proves himself to be one history teacher who has missed a central lesson of American history
Structural economic reform by the countries was to be accompanied by continued commercial bank lending to back the countries' programs
Defense Minister Benny Murdani described the main security threat in the next five years as internal unrest resulting from rapid economic development
With their pay tied to their performance they began to see to things like availability of parts and steady productivity
The last thing reformers need within their own political system is the promise of pie in the sky from Japan or the I. M. F.
Now what
On the other hand exports have been showing solid growth in recent months although Mr. Gerstenhaber of Morgan Stanley said September's thirteen point six percent growth rate was the second lowest since November nineteen eighty seven
Late last week Mr. Washington filed a statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission announcing his intention to seek the resignation of the bank's chairman Luther Hodges Junior Mr. Washington said he took action against Mr. Hodges a deputy secretary of commerce during the Carter administration because of the bank's poor performance
And he plans to increase the number of stock options available to senior management
Early this year it appeared time to write off the twenty five year old Euromarket
The eighteen member management committee was nothing but a luncheon club according to a former member
Houston L. and P. says that its five point three billion dollar price tag excludes financing charges but that the ten billion dollar price tag estimate seems excessive
The judge concluded that the plaintiffs will probably prevail at trial which it set for next February thirteenth
Separately aerospace industry sources said the Navy favors Lockheed to build a new generation of submarine hunting aircraft
How long must someone reside in a state to get a divorce
Max C. Chapman Junior Kidder's president and chief operating officer said the tie with the Milan firm expands Kidder's Italian business and is the first step in our plan to position our firm strategically in a number of key locations in Europe
It's an early warning signal that could develop into a longterm problem says Edward Collier Kiwi's president
Some issues sensitive to interest rates such as brokerages and utilities posted gains but export led sectors such as electricals added to Wednesday's losses and the broader market was softer
Mr. Weicker's aides insist Mr. Buckley's opposition will actually help their man in this Democratic state but that's doubtful
Overall Cook sees Democrats adding one or two seats to their current fifty four to forty six majority
The university then made several additional copies on its own
Judge Poulton acknowleged that the case has tremendous emotional appeal adding that It's difficult to rule against the plaintiffs but I'm convinced that the law requires it
But this leveraged buy out proposal is probably not the end of the bidding for the nation's largest hospital chain
The purchase plan would allow holders to buy stock in Cadnetix or a company that acquires it at half price diluting the acquirer's stake
Moody's reduced its ratings on First Interstate's senior debt to single A two from double A three subordinated debt to single A three from single A one and preferred stock to single A two from double A three
Mr. Johnson said after his testimony that despite his initial reaction he now believes Mr. Perot's new company Perot Systems Corporation appears to violate the noncompete agreement because its publicly stated aim is ultimately to achieve profits
The New Jersey Turnpike Authority seven point two oh percent issue of two thousand eighteen closely watched because of the its mammoth size and liquidity were locked at ninety four and one quarter off one eighth from Wednesday's close but above a session low of ninety three and seven eighths bid
Cults will come and cults will go says Maurice Rodenberger seventy one a gas station owner who has lived on Orcas all his life
The August trade report didn't prove to be too much of a disappointment for the stock market and prices moved higher in moderate trading as a result
The firm placed output at one hundred eight point five million metric tons compared with one hundred four point five million tons in nineteen eighty seven to eighty eight
Follow the institutions some analysts say
Justice Liacos
The House bill would raise seven point one billion dollars in taxes over three years while the Senate version would raise about three billion dollars over the same period
Where does all McCarthy's money come from
The European Community Commission said it approved an agreement for joint research between B. B. C. Brown Boveri A. G. the West German unit of a company that a merger transformed to Asea Brown Boveri A. G. of Switzerland and NGK Insulators Limited of Japan
A federal judge yesterday afternoon lifted a restraining order that had been issued against the bank's assets in the U. S. after B. C. C. I. put up a fourteen million dollar bond according to a source close to the bank
Mr. Garwood said Baton hasn't received any firm offers for the group and declined to identify potential bidders or estimate the price it might fetch
Let stand the conviction of George Fahmy a former securities broker with PaineWebber Incorporated for evading federal law that requires that cash deposits of more than ten thousand dollars be reported on a currency transaction report
Apartheid foes violated emergency regulations by urging people in South Africa to boycott nationwide municipal elections
Donald Thompson fifty two years old will leave his post as area director of Asia Pacific and retire from J. Walter Thompson
The percentage change is since year end
The sort of red meat that George Bush is dishing out at a rally of the faithful here assaults against Michael Dukakis's support of criminal furloughs and gun control have become the daily diet of the vice president's campaign
A simple request made four months ago to supply us with a listing of representatives currently serving on municipal boards has not yet been adequately answered
This idea may come from my stay in the U. S. says Mr. Fujiwara whose previous employer dispatched him to Houston for five years but manpower is one of the commodities
Profit at major appliances G. E. said was considerably below a year ago because of higher material costs competitive pricing and a one time provision for warranty costs on G. E. refrigerators that use the company's new rotary compressors
The company which among other things manages residential communities and recreational facilities said Imnet holders will receive one and one half shares of Communications common for each Imnet share
And it is still very much a modern building
All of the studies which are preliminary offer only statistical correlation between radiation and the problems cited
But don't open your mouth so much
Separately the prime minister of Papua New Guinea said that Renison Goldfields Consolidated Limited an Australian mining company in which Consolidated has a forty nine percent stake would have to sell its gold holdings in that country if South African interests acquired the British comopany
Last Thursday one hundred thousand demonstrators converged on Vojvodina's little capital of Novi Sad and surrounded the local party's headquarters
The maker of pizza toppings which is offering one hundred thirty three point four million dollars for the ninety point four percent of Wilson it doesn't already own also said it will again ask a Delaware chancery court on Wednesday to enjoin Wilson's poison pill anti takeover measure arguing that enough time has passed to allow higher bids to emerge
The assumption of Best's debt and expenses connected with the offer are expected to bring the total funds needed for the acquisition to about one point one billion dollars
The railroads have dropped real freight rates forty three percent and cut a staff of twenty one thousand almost in half
Do either of our two presidential candidates George Bush and Michael Dukakis have any discernible links to this country's thirty million black citizens
It is considered to be among the more remote places in the world that may no longer be saying much
Mr. Suzuki's last stint in the U. S. was as a student at Northwestern University's business school in nineteen seventy one followed by five years in Nikko's New York office
After a decade long hiatus Acapulco last year tried to revive a film festival that once had attracted some of the biggest names in Hollywood
The S. E. C. inspections he said are being conducted with the benefit of one hundred percent hindsight
Corning's sixty seven percent stake in the venture will eventually drop to fifty one percent as Asahi increases its ownership to forty nine percent
Moreover its commercial production of one megabit DRAMs only began last fall some two years behind the Japanese
What's more investors bid stocks higher without any help from the U. S. Treasury bond market which was closed for the Columbus Day holiday
The average gained eight point seven one to two thousand one hundred fifty eight point nine six just above its post crash closing high of two thousand one hundred fifty eight point six one set July fifth
The sales prices obtained by Tenneco which exceeded Wall Street estimates were particularly impressive in light of the recent severe slump in energy prices
Wheat futures prices dipped amid profit taking by some large commodity funds said Dan Cekander an analyst at Rodman and Renshaw Incorporated Chicago
Nevertheless many analysts and investment managers remain bullish on bonds for at least the next few weeks
Thus the data seen by doctors have been confusing acknowledges Mr. Gower Genentech's marketing vice president
Following the meeting between the French president and the Soviet foreign minister a Paris spokesman said talks were scheduled for this year and next between Mitterrand and Gorbachev
A contract settlement negotiated by union and industry representatives was rejected Sunday night by union members
Fully fifty four percent of one hundred seventy four firms polled by Personnel Journal and the National Association of Temporary Services say the average assignment is from a week to two months fourteen percent use temps for more than two months
Tens of millions of dollars of revenue is going by the board
Late in August management led by Wickes's chairman Sanford C. Sigoloff along with Drexel Burnham launched its tender offer for thirty nine point eight million or more than eighty three percent of the company's shares
Bic said that about zero point zero four percent of these lighters may be defective
Passing the mantle of corporate leadership to the next generation of executives could bring substantial change in the way U. S. business competes and how it deals with government
These will force companies to monitor the religious makeup of their work forces and demonstrate that they are trying to recruit among minority groups
They cite her insistence on budgetary restraint bureacratic minimalism and legal precision in E. C. documents and policies
The amount has been adjusted slightly and has grown as interest has compounded
My adult memory of American presidential campaigns goes back to Harry Truman and his give 'em hell whistle stop tour
And you can't have more than one top guy
So housing acts as a balancing factor holding down the economy when it's strong and bolstering it when it's weak
The two hundred fifty five thousand increase in payrolls follows a revised one hundred sixty nine thousand increase in August originally estimated at two hundred nineteen thousand and a two hundred fourteen thousand increase in July
However a spokesman declined to say whether Kroger showed any interest in the proposal
In recent years I. B. M. has created some eighteen special groups throughout the company that link researchers with developers
It also is testing a direct mail business to compete with the big book clubs
According to the Investment Company Institute purchases of stock mutual funds peaked in April nineteen eighty seven and were about half that much for May June July and August
In the words of the Brady Commission this anomalous behavior was the result of mechanical price insensitive selling
All this will be interesting for the Big Board's officers to know no doubt
For much of last year international and global stock funds were the darlings of the mutual fund business with performance gains of nearly forty six percent and thirty eight percent respectively through September nineteen eighty seven
Advanced Micro Devices Incorporated posted third quarter profit of seven point two million dollars or six cents a share against a year earlier loss
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday Skolniks's stock closed at three dollars down twelve point five cents
For example Listerine so far the only product that does have the seal began playing up the endorsement in its ads last April sales for the May through June period the latest for which figures are available are up seventeen percent from the same period a year ago
California Financial Holding Company said it completed the acquisition of eight offices from Citicorp's Citicorp Savings unit
But it might change perception a few points
Pillsbury has won temporary restraining orders against Grand Met's proceeding with its tender offer in Kansas Michigan Missouri and Oklahoma the attorneys said
But says Clay Bradley also with D. E. C. Futures The gross margin calculation offers a fast simple index to how finished cattle are priced relative to what went into making them
Song family life revolves around the open courtyard built into the center of their house
The company also said that it will hold a directors meeting during the next two weeks to consider the declaration of additional dividends as part of the restructuring
There appears to be a gathering up of momentum for the downside on the dollar says Randy Kaplan a dealer for National Australia Bank Limited in New York
I think there is more room for bonds to move higher Mr. Lyski said
Nonperforming loans totalled one point seven seven billion dollars at mid year and one point six billion dollars as of September thirtieth nineteen eighty seven
The U. S. said Friday that the unemployment rate sank zero point two percentage point to five point four percent during the month
The report prepared with the help of the council's economic consultants forecast a small rise in interest rates in the coming year
Nor was it clear whether Ms. Han would be liable for the alleged overcharging
If investors are undervaluing the retail group then I think Gitano will benefit at this level
Lately he preaches mainly in his skidrow mission
So far he has introduced legislation to set up a program to help pay for the long term care of the elderly and has begun to hold hearings on drug price increases
He wants to get into other businesses he thinks will be more lucrative such as wooden garden furniture for export to the West or perhaps a herbal medicine that a friend has invented for pigs
Limousine service toney express
Dow Chemical Company has given two of its executives additional duties in the wake of its almost completed acquisition of Essex Chemical Corporation
The company didn't disclose consolidated or group results for the first half but an Arbed official said consolidated revenue for the full year should increase about fifteen percent from the nineteen eighty seven total of one hundred fifty billion francs
The Midwestern lumber and buildingmaterials retailer said comparable store sales were up three point six percent
For instance Mr. Huber would have judges interpret drug label warnings as implicit contracts agreed to by consumers presumed to understand that certain products come with risks
But Renaissance still prefers to buy and sell individual stocks even if its goal is broad market diversification
The bag ended up in a warehouse Eastern uses to store lost luggage
As previously reported Nomad said more than half of Damon's estimated nine point six million shares outstanding have been tendered but holders may withdraw them before the offer expires at five p. m. E. D. T. today
Mr. Smith also urged employees of Minneapolis based Pillsbury not to accept what he called Grand Met's highly visible blitz campaign designed to stampede our shareholders and others to believe that their offer is good for all our constituents
Bikes are like horses used to be to cowboys Mr. Forbes preaches
Either you maintain the image or you cut prices and go for volume he said
The list hasn't been entered into evidence and thus made public but one source said it is limited to such relatively inexpensive items as chocolate candy
Mr. Dukakis on the other hand made Senator Bentsen's performance the focus of his day hammering repeatedly on Senator Quayle's qualifications and urging his listeners to judge him and Mr. Bush by what he called the first presidential decision they each made the choice of a running mate
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday Bank of New York closed at thirty four point eight seven five dollars a share up seventy five cents Irving closed at seventy four dollars and seventy five cents up one dollar and twenty five cents
It found that inadequate social services or outpatient care was the reason that children with only less serious health problems had hospital costs about the same as those who were seriously ill or died
John Dias financial vice president of Automatix a Billerica Massachusetts maker of robotics said that at the time it entered into the agreement with G. M. in nineteen eighty six Automatix stock was trading between nine dollars and ten dollars a share
The timetable is politically impossible commented a French diplomat predicting that General Pinochet faces increasing isolation both domestically and internationally
Increasingly fund holders say they must struggle to get service and information especially when dealing with firms that market their mutual funds directly
Fixed income funds as a group rose one point seven one percent in the quarter
Farmers last month gave up a bitter takeover fight and agreed to be acquired for a sweetened seventy five dollars a share or five point two billion dollars by B. A. T. Industries P. L. C. a London based tobacco retailing paper and financial services concern
And despite a flat third quarter it shows no sign of giving that spot up any time soon
Yesterday the stock closed in composite trading at eight dollars and fifty cents up twenty five cents giving it a market value of ninety point five million dollars
In nineteen eighty seven Nova earned one hundred thirty million Canadian dollars or sixty seven Canadian cents a share
Dealers said the market repeated the pattern of Wednesday's performance when modest buying by institutions was more than matched by aggressive short covering by market makers
A. T. and T. common stock closed unchanged yesterday at twenty six point three seven five dollars a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
The House approved three hundred ninety five to twenty one a bill to establish a bipartisan commission to study and recommend solutions to the insolvency of savings institutions
He said demand is expected to be brisk into next year
Selected stocks moved ahead of the market again on takeover rumors and some actual deals but with less spectacular gains than earlier in the week
Bond trading has been exceptionally light all week because of nervousness about the Labor Department's employment report for September
Nevertheless traders spent much of yesterday squaring their positions
Most Remarkable Pitching Matchups May fourteenth at Houston Nipper Chicago versus
He didn't do badly but failed to get elected on his own
If anything Drexel is at most a passive investor that makes absolutely no investment decisions in the partnership
Nobody asked Bill Blocher to join the so called Gang of Nine the group of leading personal computer makers that gathered in New York a few weeks ago to announce a new challenge to International Business Machines Corporation
Your front page article Does Henry Phillips Bane of Handymen Really Rest in Peace
Rolls is realistic in dealing with the Japanese said Ian Wild an analyst at London brokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd Limited
She has her special reasons for this peculiar lapse of knowledge but she isn't alone
Finarte shares have soared forty five percent since they began trading in Milan in June nineteen eighty six to three thousand five hundred sixty lire two dollars and fifty four cents currently
A revenue passenger mile is one paying passenger flown one mile
It is also messy
Prior to that all a doctor could do was hold a patient's hand so to speak until he died or was cured by his body's natural resources
All I see is a silly old man standing in front of a mirror saying No Nude Actress to himself
Current labor law already imposes some such discrimination but the Brennan bill goes much further
It owns about one third of the United States operating this vast domain through three overblown bureaucracies
He adds It bothers me
These executives owe their considerable fortunes to Mr. Perot and at least one owes his life to him
The House approved legislation that would require foreigners to disclose significant U. S. investments but the measure is almost certain to die in the waning days of Congress
During a recent visit to New York's Kennedy Airport a Wall Street Journal reporter asked several airline ticket agents for a copy of their rule books and was told they never heard of them
The Decters who own a mannequin factory in Los Angeles have a stallion on duty in Oklahoma and a mare at work in Wisconsin
But many travelers don't realize anything is broken until they get home and unpack
This development bothers the national bank
Last night the Finance Committee was seeing if this additional revenue could be used to pay for some of the more than one hundred amendments senators were threatening to offer on the floor
Grand Metropolitan's surprise five point two three billion dollar bid for Pillsbury has touched off a flurry of takeover speculation in other food stocks
Ram Capoor an analyst with Morgan Stanley and Company said the purchase could create a very leveraged competitor and in fact could play into Carnival's hands
The Rahway N. J. company has been battered by unexpected problems in recent weeks
The cost to the laboratory will be about nine dollars per test she said
A Manufacturers spokesman said the bank holding company realized a gain on the sale of the three hundred six thousand square foot building but declined to say how big it was
The dollar hovered between one point eight six two oh marks and one point eight six seven oh marks for the entire global trading day reflecting dealers' reluctance to take new positions ahead of the U. S. employment data report
West German government issues were little changed along with Eurodollar bond prices
October delivery gold ended at four hundred dollars and eighty cents an ounce for a gain of two dollars and seventy cents
By far and away the biggest upward push came from the bears one equity salesman said
If I were to say Last time I didn't get in and this time I will it would go down
In Mrs. Thatcher's reign two major prosecutions have occurred under the law
They theorize that the P. L. O. may have taken custody of the Indian born educator and the three Americans kidnapped with him by Iranian backed terrorists in nineteen eighty seven in Beirut
It's a minor problem that a Western visitor has to surmount a half dozen layers of such plodders to reach a thinker
Many traders expect contamination to be relatively light in the northern corn belt however
Still critics bemoan the trend toward still further specialization
Short term bond funds which generally invest in fixed income securities maturing in less than three years currently offer yields averaging eight point eight oh percent
Digital has recently demonstrated a new willingness to buy key parts from independent companies
The post debate analysis fell along predictable partisan lines with each side saying that its man did better
Through his control of holding company Financiere Agache Mr. Arnault heads an empire of retail stores industrial investments and luxury interests
The Ramboys as members were known plotted against Mr. Marcos but were discovered in nineteen eighty six
One possibility is that B. P. could buy back some of the shares itself
If the annual requirement for five ton trucks for example was five thousand we would place a contract for fifteen thousand trucks to be delivered over a three year period
He provides us with a simplistic and misleading cost benefit analysis
He has one for his Midwest audiences Trying to maintain as Reagan Bush and Company have done that the farm crisis is over he says is a lot like trying to put socks on a rooster
My subordinates were told to disregard my instructions if they conflicted with the instructions of other members of the executive committee Mr. Trent said in the letter
For most of its history Australia had kept its welcome mat rolled up
It said the bonds are to be exchangeable for Inland shares at a rate to be determined October seventh along with the interest rate
Brokers' commissions on New York and American Stock Exchange issues declined six percent to one hundred seventy seven point three million dollars in the second quarter according to a recent survey reported in Investment Dealers' Digest
In the preface to his seven hundred four page definitive reference guide to American Business the trends the statistics the people Louis Rukeyser expresses astonishment that no one has previously compiled such an almanac
A twenty year veteran of Bear Stearns Mr. Borghese was involved in international corporate finance and capital market activities and had been a member of the firm's executive committee
And banks in oil drilling areas like the Southwest could feel renewed pain
A Fruehauf official said Varity would also assume the Detroit based company's debt which currently totals about seven hundred ten million dollars
This happened only because we were forced to meet international standards
The court denied Regina's request for a preliminary injunction however
Of course much more remains to be accomplished in pollution law enforcement
McKesson Corporation citing the Federal Trade Commission's objection to its five hundred eight million dollar acquisition of Alco Health Services Incorporated said it mutually agreed with Alco to terminate the thirty dollar a share tender offer it launched in June
The machine also is expected to be the first battery operated laptop with a screen that can handle the sharpest graphics currently available on I. B. M. compatible personal computers
They don't have time to set their hair observes Ms. Arndt
Some analysts say the move will allow Holiday currently in the midst of a two point six billion dollar recapitalization and restructuring effort to leverage one of its biggest assets thirty seven years of experience
The imagery of coldness much more than details about how beer is made hooks young consumers contends Albert Lerman chief creative officer at the Saint Louis office of ad agency D'Arcy Masius Benton and Bowles whose clients include Anheuser
The O. T. C. market relies more than the New York Stock Exchange on individual investors traders complain that uncertainty caused by the coming presidential election and the economy continues to scare away investors who are still smarting from last October's market crash
Don R. Hays director of investment strategy at Wheat First Securities Richmond Virginia maintains that interest rates are the key to getting the market out of its slump
The S. E. C. is expected to oppose the moves by Drexel and others to have Judge Milton Pollack ordered off the case because of an alleged conflict of interest
Rain has been sparse in the coffee growing areas of Brazil for months but dealers and importers haven't worried because their experience is that the effects of dry weather can be overcome if substantial rains fall as late as the middle of October
The rights are exercisable only if a person or group acquires a twenty five percent stake in the company or launches a tender offer with the purpose of buying at least thirty percent of Jacobson Stores' common stock
But he isn't recommending any gold stocks because he is bearish on long term gold trends
We didn't want to because we think our stock is too inexpensive and Texas Air doesn't have that kind of need for cash he said
Grand Metropolitan P. L. C. just two years ago was itself a candidate for takeover and breakup
Because comprehensive testing is just beginning most processors haven't detected significant contamination yet
These information services could present an unparalleled opportunity to provide more Americans including minorities the economically disadvantaged and recent immigrants with the opportunities that American education and culture can yield the report said
Bruce Jenkins an analyst with Daratech a Cambridge Massachusetts based market research firm said G. E. could sell a money losing business to a qualified support provider and Prime would acquire an attractive installed base of customers
The range for the session was from four point nine two five percent to four point nine six five percent
The stake has an indicated value of about two hundred million Canadian dollars one hundred sixty five million U. S. dollars
Yankee an energy and financial services concern said it will use the thirty day grace period following the missed interest payment to discuss the debt swap proposal with bondholders
But the clues all indicate Mr. Arafat and his deputies are trying to wrestle the organization toward recognition of Israel and political dialogue and away from random terror
It is a biological product for use in detoxifying ground water something that could be quite helpful in cleaning up seepage from garbage landfills
As previously reported a group that includes National's management Fidelco Capital Group Incorporated and General Motors Corporation bought the stake which wasn't disclosed from a PaineWebber led group of investors for four hundred fifty nine million dollars
Sales from the company's European operations reached eight hundred sixty million dollars last year up from six hundred million dollars in nineteen eighty five
He said improvements to quality will be more significant
Mr. Strauss often sought to embarrass and undermine the chancellor by heightening tensions within the ruling government coalition led by Mr. Genscher
At that time Kelvin held or had options on one hundred sixty eight thousand five hundred ninety eight Nalcap shares
How can the U. S. ask its major trading partners to open their markets after it has made unreciprocated concessions to the Chinese
It also marks the collapse of any semblance of peace between Mr. Perot and G. M. a peace which G. M.'s chairman and the company's directors thought they had guaranteed when they arranged Mr. Perot's costly and controversial departure
Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze evidently confirmed the pause to Secretary of State Shultz at the U. N. last week blaming Pakistan and the U. S. for not pulling the plug on the mujahideen's military supplies
The report says gross activity could reach one trillion dollars in nineteen eighty eight down from the record one point three trillion dollars in nineteen eighty seven
It looks like he wanted to create panic one analyst said
Orders for durable goods those intended to last more than three years were up five point nine percent in August after falling seven point four percent in July
Ironically court records show that those arguing in favor of the ruling included numerous state attorneys general among them Francis Bellotti who was serving with Governor Dukakis in Massachusetts
In Paris she settled in to free lance writing two food columns a month for the Trib turning out features for the Times's Sunday sections and pursuing research for what would be two splendid books on eating here The Food Lover's Guide to Paris Workman Publishing three hundred sixty pages twelve dollars and ninety five cents and The Food Lover's Guide to France Workman Publishing five hundred fifty nine pages fourteen dollars and ninety five cents
In a wrongful discharge case brought by a whistleblower fired by Ashland Oil Company Samuel Butler a prominent corporate lawyer and an Ashland director was accused of various improprieties including participating in an alleged cover up
Crude oil prices plummeted in late trading yesterday partly in response to the Saudi announcement
McKesson declined to elaborate but an Alco spokesman said alternatives might include termination by either party or a divestiture of certain operations provided Alco agreed to any potential change in the tender offer price such a move might entail
Polaroid Corporation said a federal court hearing in its lawsuit against Shamrock Holdings Incorporated has been postponed to October twelfth from yesterday
I think a lot of our problems were caused by a lot of Texas developers who came here and said Nashville is going to be a hot hot town says William M. Wilson president of Cherokee Equity Corporation a Nashville concern whose interests include apartment development
The formula is likely to be part of a report to be released later this week outlining a final plan to wind up the jumbled affairs of the firm
Riser Foods was formed in June with the combination of Fisher Foods Rini supermarkets Rego supermarkets and American Seway Foods Incorporated
This is a matter of concern
WHO'S NEWS Al Silverman chairman and chief executive officer of Time Incorporated's Book of the Month Club will retire at year end
The company based in Mill Valley California specializes in outdoor implements such as forks and spades from England pruners from Switzerland and watering equipment from Germany
In his speeches he tries to talk about serious issues
He adds When a company issues a press release it knows what newspapers to contact so why not know your internal media
You can buy any of several bourbon whiskey companies says Thierry Jacquillat Pernod's president
IMMIGRATION ACT sanctions are toughest against Texas California firms
The suit also accused the board and officers of violating their fiduciary duty by arbitrarily rejecting a takeover proposal from Hollywood producer Burt Sugarman
Mr. Windheim of Prudential says his global bond fund returned only two percent in the eight months ended August first a miserable showing after we earned double digit annual returns of as much as forty percent over the past three years
New letters start regularly
A San Diego Gas spokesman said the company was pleased with the judge's ruling because S. C. E. Corporation had asked for an earlier hearing date of October seventh
In nineteen eighty four when a federal judge in Arizona began hearings on distributing the settlement fund ARC America Corporation and other direct purchasers objected to payments to indirect cement purchasers
The accord marks the first time a foreign owned institution has had exclusive management control of Italian mutual funds
The bank in a prepared statement said moves being considered under the restructuring include charging off goodwill associated with prior acquisitions suspending lease financing activities selling or closing certain of its eight branch offices and laying off employees
When the I. P. O. market is really boiling a froth factor comes into play allowing companies to go public that shouldn't
She said the company didn't have enough details on Texas A and M's research to comment on the process it describes
He discovered that illness immediately attracted her attention and embarked on a lifetime of stomach disorders and nearly unremitting nervous maladies
Strong leaders in corporate America have become an endangered species
In Providence a spokesman for Nortek said the company will report a small loss on the transaction
Horton raped a Maryland woman and tortured her fiance
The big give away program which retailers say will run through the end of the year is designed to thwart inroads in the spreadsheet market by archrival Microsoft Corporation Redmond Washington
Federal prosecutors charged that the two former executives made and sold EFerol solution knowing it could be toxic or fatal to premature infants
Investment Insight a daily statistical and graphics feature highlighting trends in markets and investments it appears in the lower left corner of this page
The S. E. C. requested documents from the defendants related to nineteen transactions not previously named in the agency's one hundred eighty four page complaint and responded aggressively to what it perceives as stalling by Drexel in response to earlier document requests
The number suggests the economy is still on the rise and the driving force continues to be the manufacturing areas said Robert Dederick chief economist at Northern Trust Company in Chicago
Iowa Department of Revenue
But Milton Harris a steel executive who quit the Liberal party because of its trade stand sees the opposition as simply fearful
Spending in the thirteen measures for this year totaled about five hundred six billion dollars
The magazine will no longer pour so much money into our most marginal subscribers the subscribers who have the highest acquisition costs said Robert Miller the magazine's publisher
But some people say the ads with a pole vaulter looking as though he is impaled on the giant cogs don't really get its message across
This month's issue of O. T. C. Review magazine contains the most recent positive portrait of Regina
Seiji Tsutsumi is one of two half brothers sons of a real estate mogul who left behind a railway and retail store empire when he died in nineteen sixty four
A two tier market between new and old corn might develop as what remains of last year's untainted harvest attracts an unusual premium
Back then the hybrids came in only one size and shape
Seibu slash Saison agreed to buy Grand Metropolitan's Intercontinental hotel chain for two point one five billion dollars as expected
The pound rose to one point six nine three five dollars from one point six eight one oh dollars
A competitive industry doesn't work as a group
The companies without leading edge technology are likely to muddle through but it will look pretty disappointing said Drew Peck an analyst with Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette
Trading volume amounted to five hundred forty nine point two million shares compared with Thursday's five hundred sixty two point two million
Mr. Kline forty two years old a Mershon Sawyer partner specializing in commercial litigation becomes a partner at White and Case's Miami office which currently has twelve attorneys several of whom are also former Mershon Sawyer partners doing transactional work here
Final results will be released at the end of this month
The contracts were to expire September fifteenth nineteen eighty nine
An Australian National representative disclosed that the Australian firm had acquired enough of Jorgensen's stock to require a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Jorgensen spokesman said
A settlement was reached with seven of fifteen corporations in a nineteen eighty five suit filed in federal court by New York City alleging the illegal dumping of hazardous wastes at city landfills
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corporation eight point one two five percent thirty to ninety five days eight and one quarter percent ninety six to one hundred nineteen days eight point one two five percent one hundred twenty to one hundred seventy nine days eight percent one hundred eighty to two hundred seventy days
The company said that while retail activity and sales picked up in the nineteen eighty eight third quarter investment in new products slower than anticipated improvements in manufacturing processes and expanded commitment to employee training programs contributed to lower quarterly earnings
Bethlehem said it sold the operations in part because of continued financial losses due to high operating costs and market penetration by foreign producers
Separating sports from performance enhancing chemicals will require the sort of surprise testing that many athletic powers have yet to agree to he noted
The comparable G. O. P. California budget is just under five million dollars
Funds that remained aggressive actually fared better
The remaining forty eight percent interest is held by a number of minority investors
When Senator Lloyd Bentsen spoke in this region recently he chided Vice President George Bush by asking what he has done for the energy situation recently
Lodging sales rose fifteen percent and the division's pretax profit climbed eighteen percent aided by a four million dollar pretax gain on the sale of an equity interest in the Hong Kong Marriott hotel
As is inevitable in a program so ambitious there were also mistakes For example an overvalued currency between nineteen seventy nine and nineteen eighty two swamped the country with imports and priced many national companies out of the world market
In a statement Borden officials said the New York company acknowledged no wrongdoing but settled for business reasons to avoid the expense and disruption of prolonged litigation
I'll probably replay it a million times in my mind the likable Scherr said later
About six point one billion Hong Kong dollars seven hundred eighty two million U. S. dollars of shares could be offered before year's end the company says although brokers fear that such a large sale would drain liquidity from an already shaky market
Once a public matter the media would enter the stage reporting the twists and turns of a case relying on anonymous sources
High cash reserves an indication that managers are taking a more cautious approach cushion mutual funds against market drops but can be a drag on performance in a rising market
Ford officials couldn't be reached but have consistently declined to comment on any acquisition talks
The attorney client privilege may be as old as the priest penitent privilege
Mr. Breeden also charged that high interest rates during the Carter administration virtually destroyed the net worth of the savings and loan industry by the time we got into office
I've got grandkids and I don't know what the gangs might do she says
First her microwave oven was stolen
As the quarter progresses you'll find that rates are too high and that people will be inclined to sell some stocks Mr. Kerschner said
A good showing helps firms attract lucrative investment banking business
The Postal Service also had agreed that it wouldn't hire anyone else to work on the measures for the first five years unless Perot Systems approved
Previously insurers set aside reserves based on estimates of their future liability claims
In June biotechnology company Genentech Incorporated said it would give its heart attack drug T. P. A. to low income patients not covered by medical insurance
The sixty eight year old rights group has become a focal point in the presidential campaign between Vice President Bush and Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis Mr. Bush frequently informs audiences that Mr. Dukakis is a card carrying member of the A. C. L. U.
The president allowed to become law a bill requiring advance plant closing notification for employees a measure that drew an emphatic presidential veto when it was part of an earlier trade bill
The letter was postmarked September twentieth one day after the offer expired
Then he gets riled
Other major players in the consumer battery market are Duracell Incorporated which concentrates in the alkaline segment Eastman Kodak Company and closely held Rayovac Corporation
The company went public in July at seventeen dollars a share
Those were heady times
This morning the government is expected to report a small increase in its index of leading economic indicators for August
Engelwood Colorado based Jones which operates cable systems serving about one point oh seven million subscribers said Wednesday it planned to replace U. S. A. Network with Turner Network Television or T. N. T. the new cable network that Turner Broadcasting System Incorporated is set to launch Monday
Representative Geraldine Ferraro D. N. Y. found by the Ethics Committee to have violated the same law
Coordinated intervention against the dollar by central banks Monday and calls for stable currency rates by various Group of Seven officials at this week's International Monetary Fund World Bank meeting in West Berlin damped the market's interest in buying dollars dealers said
Of course they're all very proud of us she said
The new company was then to lease back the ships to Sea Land at lower charter rates reflecting subsidy rights transferred from Farrell and Lykes
They are the Lordstown Ohio plant which makes vans Chevrolet Cavaliers and Pontiac Sunbirds and the Buick LeSabre plant in Flint Michigan
Mr. Gilbert fifty five years old joined Winnebago two and one half years ago as part of a management shakeup aimed at improving the company's profitability
Merging E. T. A. with other computer operations discouraged some analysts
In national over the counter trading yesterday Bancorp Hawaii shares jumped one dollar and fifty cents to close at sixty dollars and seventy five cents
Shigeho Kurashina forty six years old was named president of this timepiece maker's U. S. marketing and distribution subsidiary
Three of the residents whose lines were allegedly tapped filed the suits
We'll have packages like this all across the country
This would indicate net income of sixteen point two million dollars up from the year earlier eleven point six million dollars
The industry is very competitive and I expect it to get tougher all along said Dan K. Thomasson editor of E. W. Scripps Company's Scripps Howard News Service
As in autos and steel South Korea has been hoping to whip Japan at its own game
The idea came from Sargent Goodsell who heads Kojonup's four man force
People forget that if you go up nineteen feet you've got to fall that far too
Truck drivers who drive in peak hours without certification could be fined
Among those issues Aldus rose one quarter to seventeen Apple Computer gained one eighth to forty three and one half Autodesk advanced one eighth to twenty eight and one eighth Chips and Technologies rose one quarter to eleven and three quarters Conner Peripherals rose one eighth to seven and three quarters and Corporate Software added one half to eleven
They then surveyed about three thousand physicians to judge the relative amount of each of the four components involved in hundreds of services and procedures
Now well over one hundred companies are working on them ranging from A. T. and T. itself to companies like Mr. Kuperstein's which he calls Neurogen
Even as the threat from the U. S. backed Contras fades the Sandinistas are facing a potentially greater menace from within their own ranks desertions
The majority of the return problems seem to be with the Housekeeper vacuum line which was introduced in nineteen eighty six and sells for fifty nine dollars to seventy nine dollars and the nineteen eighty seven Housekeeper Plus line which sells for about one hundred dollars to one hundred fifty dollars
Last month's fatal crash of a Delta seven twenty seven in Dallas involved a seasoned three man crew
Mr. Jones and the company agreed in the consent decree to refrain from securities law violations in connection with a previous instance of about thirty million dollars in questionable foreign payments by Northrop
I don't think they will throw the door wide open says Goldman's Mr. Morris
Watkins Johnson Company was given a fifteen point one million dollar Navy contract for electronic measuring systems
This body gets bipartisan funding from Congress which pays little or no attention to how such funds are actually distributed by the fanatical cold warriors who run the group
The chief rule making body for accountants acted after a storm of corporate criticism arose over the high costs of implementing the rule
The discoveries are fanning confusion throughout the U. S. grain trade
Anthony J. Marchese a co defendant in the case was sentenced to twenty years in federal prison last week
It reads Green Cheese Man Enemy of the Gregarious
This procrastination is testing the patience of Mr. Arafat's Arab allies and his constituents in Israel's occupied territories
In Tokyo Thursday the dollar opened at one hundred thirty three point nine eight yen down from Wednesday's close of one hundred thirty four point two oh yen
Prices closed higher in Singapore were mixed in Wellington and lower in Hong Kong Sydney Manila and Seoul
Patlex Corporation Chatsworth California said it signed license agreements for its laser technology with Spectra Physics Incorporated San Jose California and nine other companies
Terms weren't disclosed
The shares tendered and already owned amount to about fifty nine percent of Damon's common shares outstanding or fifty two percent of the fully diluted shares outstanding
If they succeed it would cause a financial pinch for Seabrook at a critical time
Similarly some U. S. congressmen irritated by Korea's ten billion dollar trade surplus with the U. S. last year would like to spend less money protecting South Korea even though Seoul allocates six percent of the value of all its goods and services to defense far more than most American allies
As a result some folks are constructing their own walls
In May I. B. M. completed stock purchase programs from nineteen eighty six and nineteen eighty seven totaling about twenty eight million shares for three point five billion dollars
Additionally David S. Dury forty was named president and chief operating officer
Indeed the apparently rational matter of fact style seems to be meant as a kind of foil for the underlying irrationality paradox and contradiction that runs through all of these paintings
Kroger's restructuring plan came in response to bids for the company from Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Company the New York leveraged buy out specialists and the Haft family of Landover Maryland
Mr. Dulude retains his position of chief executive officer
Example A two thousand four hundred dollar deposit buys an eighty thousand dollar policy and may cost in effect only one hundred forty four dollars a year in forgone after tax interest income
Mr. Gasich sixty six years old was one of three top executives at the aerospace and defense concern who were subpoenaed in June by a federal grand jury seeking information about Northrop's financial dealings in South Korea
The compromise worked out by a small group of influential legislators earlier this week after months of frustrating delays was adopted on a vote of twenty six to eight by the House negotiators and by all nine Senate representatives
The econometric methodology that lies behind that projection says Mr. Hausman is severely deficient
Only companies with fifty or more employees would be covered by the modified measure which originally covered all those with twenty or more employees
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday M. G. M. slash U. A. shares closed unchanged at thirteen dollars and fifty cents
A possible explanation could rest in a going theory that low level radiation stimulates the human immune system he said
These divisions are hardened by the regime's portrayal of the vote as a straight choice between Marxism and a free market
Privatization is more aggressive fiscal incentives to investment greater the corporate tax rate on reinvested profit is just ten percent
World oil markets weakened further following signs that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is ready to sacrifice short term gains for long term improvement
Mr. Swanson forty seven years old said he was chairman and chief executive officer at Ace until last August when he decided to return to law practice
Though he failed last year in attempts to take over Pay 'N Pak Stores Incorporated a partnership he set up reaped about eight million dollars by tendering its shares to a management group
He said Regina officials were unwilling yesterday to discuss with analysts what has gone wrong with the firm's financial records
Gradco issued the shares to C. Itoh last year as part of an agreement under which Gradco terminated certain sales and manufacturing rights held by C. Itoh its former licensee in Japan
The reserves can't take too many hits of six hundred million dollars says Tony Twine of Econometrix an independent economic consulting firm in Johannesburg
In an opinion written by Judge Spottswood Robinson joined by Judges Douglas Ginsburg and Laurence Silberman the court ruled that judges have an obligation to decide whether scientific information presented to a jury by experts has enough of a credible basis to be treated as evidence
In a statement yesterday I. B. M. Chairman John Akers said I. B. M. would be well served if Allen Krowe had decided to stay with the company
A and W. Brands Incorporated White Plains N. Y. said the company expects a tenfold increase in third quarter net income to one point seven million dollars or eighteen cents a share from one hundred seventy two thousand dollars or two cents a share a year ago
A former Toys R. Us executive was accused by the S. E. C. of illegally trading in nineteen eighty six on inside data about the retailer's strong Christmas sales
And he has come to rely on a talking alarm clock that announces the time and date at the push of a button
Radio Rangoon announced that former Prime Minister U. Nu deposed in a nineteen sixty two coup led by Ne Win had formed a political party
The percentage change is since year end
Not surprisingly their campaigns are emphasizing differences Democrats portray Mr. Bush as weak in enforcing trade laws
And they vowed to crack down on unethical behavior
It said in its initial S. E. C. filing that it acquired the stock for investment purposes
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation announced a planned merger of its Australian commercial and investment banks
I think the government is still very firmly of the opinion that referrals should be on competition grounds only and not based on the nationality of bidder or financing
Much more attention is being focused on the Miyazawa Plan for refinancing Third World countries' bank debt which Mr. Sumita also said he would outline today
Just as Mr. Getty was tight fisted the chairman and chief executive officer of tiny Presidio Oil Company says he tries to keep expenses low by for instance furnishing Presidio offices with secondhand furniture
Revenue grew eleven percent to forty five million dollars
I want that expletive signed by midnight tomorrow he says on the tape
If Mr. Schrader weren't reaching so hard if he were more of an accomplished hack the picture couldn't have been this boring
And even at a discount broker without computerized trading I'd be on the telephone all the time
Mr. Arnault whose broad retailing industrial and textile group includes the Christian Dior and Christian Lacroix fashion houses stepped in during the feud and bought massively
David Elliot of P. and G's international department said the enforcement attitude of customs officials has led to an undue level of fear of enforcement harassment
OPEC the sources said is finally facing up to the difficult task of redefining its very reason for existence
American Financial will offer one thousand dollars of new debentures for each one thousand dollars of three issues of its nine and one half percent debentures
The rift is real
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Best shares closed at eighteen point eight seven five dollars up three point eight seven five dollars
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corporation eight point oh five percent thirty to ninety six days eight point one five percent ninety seven to one hundred seventy nine days eight percent one hundred eighty to two hundred seventy days
La Quina works for us all nonstop he says placing his hand on his heart
If he succeeds this should eliminate the need for sugar rationing and shortages of derivative products such as candy
These Olympics should have been a breeze for N. B. C.
The business economists also expect an acceleration in inflation
The drought coming on top of the government's largest land idling program ever is expected to reduce the number of farm acres being harvested this year to the lowest level this century
That would prevent many members who typically vote and return their ballots quickly from carefully analyzing the contract after hearing any criticism of it from others the lawsuit contended
Figgie International's Class A and Class B. common trade separately
Ms. King is a free lance writer based in Henderson Kentucky
But the biggest plus for the G. O. P. nominee may have been Mr. Dukakis's slowness in replying to charges about his membership in the American Civil Liberties Union and his opposition to many weapons systems
Capital gains taxes the strategic defense initiative the structure of the U. S. nuclear deterrent private versus public health care programs the U. S. housing stock the availability of experimental drug treatments for the dying agricultural policy government help versus self help for minorities supporting the Contras versus abandoning the Contras commercial relationships with Mikhail Gorbachev's Soviet Union
Year by year Arco has extended the projected peak production for the giant Prudhoe Bay field and analysts had forecast that the natural decline could be put off into the nineteen nineties
M. S. I. Data surged one and one half to eighteen and one half
It's just that the fundamentals in the market are so negative
Wall Street Games says ten thousand students already have registered and that number is expected to double
But Mr. Bush cast three tie breaking votes in the Senate in favor of renewing U. S. production of chemical weapons
Two years ago acting on Japanese brokers' advice he gobbled warrants to buy stock and covertible bonds issued by Japanese companies
Mr. Newton joined the company in early nineteen eighty seven
And of course there's a disorienting fourteen hour time difference. One of my favorite pre Olympics stories involved the American official who suggested that all of Korea set its watches back to better accommodate U. S. primetime viewing schedules
Also significant Kroger is a tremendous cash generator although its profits have been lackluster in recent years
It's too sensitive a subject to discuss right now he said
Iwaki Glass a maker of industrial consumer and laboratory products is owned jointly by Corning and Asahi Glass Company of Japan
An extreme example of this arose last year when Summit Associates Incorporated a New Jersey real estate developer sued its insurer for the four hundred thirty nine thousand dollars it had paid to clean up hazardous substances discovered on property it owns in Edison Township N. J. the waste had been buried there by a previous owner
Proponents in the House are trying to breathe election year life into comparable worth a dangerous idea that eschews market determined wages
Students who chose consulting received thirty percent more than those who chose manufacturing
A nearby pond cools tempers
For the commercial jet engine industry which is led by Britain's Rolls Royce P. L. C. as well as Pratt and G. E. the Delta order demonstrates that airlines continue to shun the latest most fuel efficient technology in favor of less efficient but reliable and cheaper engines
Adolph Coors Class B. fell one eighth to twenty
The auditors' comments apply only to Scribe
But the newest Eliot biography Eliot's New Life by the Oxford don Lyndall Gordon Farrar Straus and Giroux three hundred fifty six pages nineteen dollars and ninety five cents shows the poet in much greater depth than ever before drawing on much new material
The rating concern said it is evaluating Dana's debt partly because management's strategy of continuing to increase shareholder value through debt financed share repurchases has resulted in a more aggressive capital structure than anticipated by the current rating
It has annual sales of about one billion dollars
While we're fighting for all their programs they're busy writing checks to all the liberals Senator Dole said in an interview over the weekend
Nonetheless some former small shareholders of Banco Ambrosiano plan to file a civil suit against the three Vatican bank officials in an attempt to recover losses they maintain Ambrosiano incurred in its dealings with the Vatican bank Italian newspapers reported over the weekend
For historical and economic reasons that will present challenges Mr. Dukakis concedes
The protracted slump has many brokerage executives rethinking their approach to the retail business
Such funds have plunged more than eighteen percent so far this year
The agency and the Justice Department's antitrust division share responsibility for enforcing Hart Scott Rodino with the F. T. C. drafting regulations for premerger notification issues
The company's shares closed Friday at twenty three point three seven five dollars off fifty cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
The I. C. C. approved Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corporation's one point oh two billion dollar sale of its Southern Pacific railroad unit to Denver based Rio Grande in August spurning Kansas City Southern's competing bid
If correct it dashes hopes for room temperature operation of the new materials
The company is a nationwide broadcasting company which owns and operates television and radio stations
They pin him to a car then against a wall as police are called
I think we all agree we need people with whom we can feel safe she says
Argentina bypassed the I. M. F. and announced an economic reform program aided by a one point two five billion dollar World Bank loan
They also recommend interest rate sensitive stocks
Ironically however the new language immediately set off its own round of differing interpretations among some officials and at the financial meetings here
In a highly stylized format that nevertheless saw some snappish exchanges both candidates achieved at least some of their goals
Heavy and light electricals also eased as did some paper stocks which had seen a run up in recent weeks on speculation over the state of the emperor's health
The foreign currencies then circulate through the Philippine financial system
Outlays through August totaled nine hundred seventy six point four seven billion dollars compared with nine hundred twenty six point four four billion dollars the year earlier
The seventy six dollar a share value that Interco has placed on the plan seems to be illusory at best he said
So if they're going to spend the money on an advertising or games campaign they may be putting the cart before the horse
Tear gas bombs thrown by the police exacerbated the bellicosity of the attacked marchers
The industry association represents more than five hundred seventy five stock brokerage and investment banking firms in the U. S. and Canada
They are but barely
Driving along the one hundred forty miles of the park's upper and lower scenic loop on roads open to park visitors one sees a Yellowstone that is a patchwork of green brown and blackened forest and meadow
She didn't sound any better than she looked
A one and one half hour version of the Passion play which Mr. Zukor opened over the objections of a priest who thought a film depicting the life of Christ was sacreligious
Since then nothing has changed the fact that only strength deters aggression
Some bank analysts have argued that Mr. Rice though publicly committed to selling the bank to the highest bidder appears adamantly opposed to any deal involving Bank of New York which is offering fifteen dollars and one point five seven five shares of its own stock or about seventy dollars for each share of Irving it doesn't own
Bush advisers want to bait Dukakis into sounding negative
Vernon R. Loucks Junior Baxter's chairman and chief executive officer said the U. S. hospital supply market is growing at an annual rate of between eight percent and ten percent
Mr. Dukakis leads in the East and the two are tied in the Midwest
The idea of the Baker Plan was a new conditionality free market pro growth reforms would be required in exchange for new capital flows
Their presence made it impossible for the conspirators to issue more checks and the kite dove to earth
IT IS nine A. M. on a recent Friday in New York and another battle between governments and the markets is under way for control of the U. S. dollar
The patent application concerns the design of monoclonal antibodies for treatment of septic shock a potentially fatal condition caused by bacterial infection of hospitalized patients
In the past two years it has acquired major banks in Ohio and Kentucky growing to thirty six point six billion dollars in assets
The analysts said Macmillan probably will continue to negotiate with Robert Maxwell chairman of Maxwell Communication in the hope of persuading him to buy a small part of the company instead of the whole thing
Non operating losses continued to dominate aggregate thrift numbers rising in the second quarter to three point three billion dollars from three point two billion dollars in each of the two prior quarters
More recently efforts are being made to offer banks even better conversion rates
To buy it would take more than ten billion dollars a sum few could muster
Trainees are forcibly struck by the differences in corporate culture between their home companies and their U. S. hosts
The Soviets are already trying to drain off some of the surplus cash into productive investment
It accounted for thirty four point six million shares of program trading all of which it conducted for its own account
But by anticipating these programs and making room for them in prices the customer gets the same value and the factory retains its needed margins Mr. Greenwald said during Chrysler's nineteen eighty nine model preview here yesterday
He said this will mean savings of nine point eight million Canadian dollars a year in operating costs and four point nine million Canadian dollars by reducing the plant's in process inventory
Southampton Cable Limited the British concern holds the cable franchise for the Southampton region in the south of England covering about one hundred thousand potential subscribers
Mr. Griffin has extended his thirty six dollar a share offer six times
Nevertheless some investment strategists argue that interest rates will drop sharply over the next year or so
The Canon R. C. two hundred fifty which will have a suggested retail price of about one thousand dollars uses a miniature magnetic disk instead of film to record images so no processing is required
Although its trading was producing consistent profits Mr.
Fourth the burden of adjustment is not biased toward or away from domestic policies or exchange rates as was the case in the par value and early flexible rate regimes respectively
Revenue rose to six hundred thirty nine point eight million dollars from five hundred sixty one point four million dollars
While the court affirmed the principle that assets of such a firm can be frozen even if the firm isn't charged it sent the case back to the lower court for further consideration
Nonetheless takeover speculation in half a dozen other stocks sparked by the move on Gold Fields buoyed the market against an otherwise bearish tone
On the U. S. futures market West Texas Intermediate crude for November delivery closed at fourteen dollars and sixty five cents a barrel up nine cents
While this data won't begin to be released until the first week of October anxious traders are taking profits on every upward blip in the market in anticipation of what for the inflation fearing fixed income markets would be bad news
The study of two hundred fifty of the nation's largest profit making corporations found that only sixteen escaped taxation last year compared with forty in nineteen eighty six and thirty nine in nineteen eighty five
House Speaker Wright denied disclosing classified data when he criticized Tuesday a C. I. A. operation aimed at fomenting unrest in Nicaragua
William K. Laidlaw Junior
There are many matters which must be thought out but everybody is subject to established law a Finance Ministry official warned
Such things are done for big sovereign borrowers all the time says the client
Another risk is that the chemical could end up attacking other cells
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday K. D. I. closed at eighteen point six two five dollars a share up seventy five cents
The gasoline heating oil and jet fuel line Calnev Pipe Line Company operates primarily between Colton California and Las Vegas Nevada
Until now the only other Latin American government that has bought back such debt in the open market is Bolivia which purchased almost half of its six hundred seventy million dollar foreign bank debt at eleven cents on the dollar earlier this year
The White House has surrendered on every point save a requirement that welfare recipients do at least some work
There are very few left who fought in it and not too many who even have memories of it
The company maintains that the union's intransigence on labor cost concessions could lead to Eastern's financial undoing
Revenue for the quarter fell twenty two percent to four point two million dollars from five point four million dollars
Look up the prices of Treasury issues in today's Wall Street Journal
The short interest is the number of shares that haven't been purchased for return to lenders
Even when the divorce is amicable the simple logistics deciding who takes the child to and from school to the dentist and on shopping trips are difficult enough
In nineteen eighty two Chrysler Corporation came out with a California K. version of its K. model car that looked a bit snazzier
The securities industry has favored arbitration because it keeps brokers and dealers out of court
Rhodes' Mr. Mitchell said the commercial paper was sold at a rate of about eight and one half percent
Mr. Cronenberg has shot the film in Toronto and like that city it is cold and austere
Incorporated raising its cash holdings to eight hundred ninety million dollars
Gold led the other precious metals lower
The market then gradually firmed into midafternoon but pulled back from its highs in the final hour of trading
In the past five years Mexico has almost halved its private sector foreign debt which totaled fourteen point five billion dollars as of March thirty first down from twenty two point five billion dollars in nineteen eighty three
Mr. Bowman has been very involved in overseeing major diversification into other kinds of investments besides stocks and bonds at the San Francisco fund he said
Kinney and Sinise so wan
N. A. S. A. also plans to send shuttle astronauts to replace aging telescope parts with advanced instruments
He recently completed a one year program as a White House Fellow and before that was vice president marketing at Kansas City Star Company
Short interest rose slightly on the Big Board and American exchange for the month ended September fifteenth
Morton Thiokol officials said troubleshooters found more than one thousand possible problems during the redesign of the space shuttle booster rockets
Charter Consolidated of which Minorco owns thirty six percent gained forty five to three hundred ninety three
Mr. Ruding said he is generally satisfied with the coalition's six year effort to cut state spending
They simply want the highest technology says a business computer sales executive
A corporation's enemies can start to look a lot like allies to workers who have been stripped of their rights and dignity
Mr. Gorbachev explained that his goal is strengthening security in the Asia Pacific region
In schools history teachers have had to cancel exams until a new line on Stalin is established
These days the big card companies are raising fees and pressuring stores to honor more and more cards
In any case Mr. Kahn's gossip is so stale that everyone in the magazine business has already heard it but so arcane that no one outside it could possibly care
And they did
This factor is important for banks which are under pressure to bolster their capital positions by either raising new equity or freeing up equity through asset sales
In addition many claims aren't well documented the editors say
Honeywell stock fell two dollars and seventy five cents to close at fifty eight dollars and seventy five cents a share in composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday
And not only that they don't like new taxes
I went the furthest mile possible to accommodate him
By contrast air fares rose nationally on average five percent to six percent according to the Consumer Price Index G. A. O. said
The Argonne technology involves coating metal wires with malleable precursor elements of a superconductor that contains the rare earth metal yttrium
He too was given a jail term
Analysts generally blame the economy and weak retail sales but they also cite retail merger activity
The agency said the only bright spot is the nation's greater grain exports and higher grain prices
Tipping adds to the cost but is also a telling example of the difference in style of service at the two hotels
Chrysler however says no such agreement exists
Before that he was dean of Tufts University's medical school for five years
Mr. Gordon said that he believes the economy has begun to slow down and that the real fear is how the Fed will handle the onset of a recession
If it wasn't for the election year and its patriotic appeal I might've been angry enough to buy Japanese anyway
The data showed that M. four bank lending the most widely watched indication of domestic lending rose five point eight billion pounds nine point seven three billion dollars in August less than July's nine point two billion pound rise and less than the seven billion pounds to ten billion pound rise expected by the market
Polaroid urged shareholders to reject Shamrock Holdings' two point four billion dollar offer as expected
Last week Mr. Pearce said he purchased one million American Medical shares as part of an eight point six million share block trade of the hospital operator's stock
The franchisee Northeast Management Incorporated filed suit Monday in Providence alleging that the merger would violate its franchise agreement
W. Ford Kieft the third was named president chief operating officer and a director of this savings and loan holding company effective October first
The move came after the Senate voted ninety four to zero to confirm his nomination
On the other hand if for some reason unknown to us the placement of such securities will serve a legitimate business purpose of Polaroid we are prepared to offer to purchase such securities Mr. Gold said
Electricite de France's six and one eighth percent issue of nineteen ninety eight declined zero point one zero point at ninety eight point eight oh to yield six point two eight seven percent
In mid October around the crash's anniversary another appropriate expert perhaps an economic policy leader will be brought in says Joe Plumeri senior executive vice president and director of sales and marketing
In July the current account surplus rose to five point three billion marks from four point eight billion marks a year earlier but was down from nine point five billion marks in June
There is room for everybody he said
Mr. Birdsall was known throughout the fifty billion dollar a year industry as a dove on pricing whose strategies brought him into conflict with the leading price hawk at Texas Air Chairman Frank Lorenzo
For one thing the Defense Department itself has trouble controlling its shopping list
Tighter credit often blamed on federal regulators damps not only new investment but the Lone Star faith that an individual can make a fortune alone
Second period after tax profits for the member firms advanced to three hundred sixty five million dollars from two hundred eighty eight million dollars a year earlier
Through December eleventh
Thus the nineteenth century saluted the advent of the twentieth
The pact would eliminate all tariffs between the world's largest trading partners over ten years beginning next January first
Neither the seller nor terms were disclosed
Based on preliminary results released by Orion with over eighty eight percent of the company's shares outstanding voted shareholders passed the motion to reduce the board by a narrow margin of seven hundred eleven votes
Moniterm Corporation said U. S. customs officials are investigating the company for possible violations related to its product shipments to restricted countries
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corporation eight percent thirty to fifty nine days eight point oh five percent sixty to one hundred seventy nine days seven point eight seven five percent one hundred eighty to two hundred seventy days
I don't think it can remain status quo like this much longer Mr. Ladd said
Tultex a leading producer of fleeced knit active wear and leisure apparel said net income was three point nine million dollars or fourteen cents a share compared with eight point one million dollars or thirty cents a share in the year ago period
But the speech one of the most effective of Mr. Bush's campaign illustrates its careful style The vice president reads it from a Teleprompter sticking carefully to his prepared text and thus not risking any distracting ad libs like his Pearl Harbor Day gaffe of last week or fumbling any of the lines designed for television consumption
Foreign investors took an active part in the dealings Thursday both buying and unloading equities brokers said
The plant remains closed
Terms weren't disclosed
They're going to find it's damn hard Mr. Bidwell says
But Mr. Carona said the Occidental Petroleum Corporation unit won't take any chances with the lives of the plants' workers or neighbors
Before long GAP had helped him draw up a complaint under federal whistle blower protections with the Labor Department
Persistently strong investor demand has prevented the municipal market including the New York sector from suffering unduly under the weight of new issues traders say
Petroleum futures contract prices fell about fifty cents a barrel as cross currents whipsawed world oil markets with the force of hurricane winds
They want to keep it out of the political debate the presidential debate says David Mathiasen the N. E. C.'s honest and amiable executive director
Ames officials were enthusiastic about Zayre in part because they knew it so well Ames president Peter Hollis worked at Zayre for thirteen years rising to become chief merchandise manager
In light of the U. S. Federal Reserve's intervention efforts Wednesday after the U. S. trade figures were made public market players now view one point eight eight oh oh marks as the magic number that will spark immediate retaliation from either the Fed or the Bundesbank
But opposition to nuclear plants remains strong
The big steel aerospace and energy concern publicly unveiled the broad outlines of its plan in May
He was leading a unit of the North Vietnamese troops
She wanted to imagine what it would be like to raise children as fugitives what it would be like to explain to them what their parents did and why
To supplement its Cinemax Sessions series on popular music Cinemax offers four retrospective films about the stars of the late nineteen sixties
So it was Mr. Clausen's handpicked successor Samuel Armacost who took the fall when commodities real estate and the Third World crashed
American Savings and Loan Association of Stockton California the nation's second largest thrift had a modest outflow of deposits last week after it was seized by federal regulators but the trend has been reversed this week the thrift's chairman said
If and when Roe is overruled the states will be free to decide whether to permit abortion
The overall U. S. trade deficit was a surprisingly small nine point five three billion dollars a narrowing of nearly four billion dollars from the revised June gap
The dispute aside what's clear is that Congress hasn't created incentives or an environment that will foster a competitive rush for new effective technologies
The doctors won't do it themselves
At their first dinner Mr. Seitz an affable forty seven year old could have been offended by Mr. Dubilier's regimen
Despite the strong yen the four largest Japanese auto makers also increased their share of the U. S. new car market for the first eight months of this year to nineteen point eight percent from nineteen point four percent a year ago
The company never actually produced the screws or drivers it invented
Without such relief Mr. Stempel said G. M. will almost certainly have to cut production and lay off as many as four thousand workers at the Arlington Texas assembly plant that makes the company's largest and least fuel efficient rear wheel drive models
For one thing the current seven hundred forty five million dollar long term debt level prohibits a leveraged buyout contends Linda Morris an analyst at Provident National Bank in Philadelphia. Mr.
Neither will call it quits
The company had already instructed management to retain an investment banking firm for this purpose
Mr. Sanders said in an interview after the verdict I'm surprised
I don't know where the shelter in my building is or who has the key says Denise Wells a twenty six year old graphic artist in Jerusalem
Besides arguing that sanctions wouldn't be effective the administration contends that the bill would disrupt U. S. mediated talks among South Africa Angola and Cuba
I don't see a whole lot there to get people excited said Joseph F. Campbell an analyst at PaineWebber Incorporated
Goryackiye Zakuski Telephone three hundred fifty six forty three eighty
The vents expose the liquid inside to the tremendous force of the air rushing past
Your ship is unlikely to come in until the day you decide to row out and meet it
Over the past month reductions in fixed rate loans of three eighths of a percentage point have been fairly common
CEN CARD's attorney H. Neil Broder of Parsippany N. J. said he believes the mail detention is illegal
The I. M. F. now expects real or inflation adjusted growth in the industrialized world will be three point eight percent this year compared with the two point eight percent it was forecasting only five months ago
If untreated these immune deficient mice usually die within four months often with the same lung infection that kills humans suffering from AIDS
And with more than five billion dollars in consolidated Texas Air debt there is always a big payment coming due he points out
The company said it expects to post a loss on an operating basis but will post a net income due to the sale of its unit Communications Solutions Incorporated which occured in the fiscal first quarter
Blue chip issues once again led the market's advance but broader market averages also recorded solid gains
If Mr. Rapoport is successful he would take private an unusual insurance company that has carved a niche in selling insurance to middle America by marketing individual life and health policies through trade unions and credit unions
Moving deposits to insurance coverage by the F. D. I. C. from coverage by the F. S. L. I. C. would save operating costs because the F. D. I. C. charges premiums that are only forty percent as much as those charged by the F. S. L. I. C.
New Delhi's government has stationed about forty seven thousand peacekeeping troops in the island nation site of a five year old ethnic war
Compared even with the destructive hurricanes of recent years there's a much greater fear factor being generated by this storm said Dave West a portable generator salesman in Houston
And the futures price for spot month West Texas Intermediate the U. S. benchmark crude closed at fifteen dollars and forty cents a barrel up eighty four cents on near record volume
The September tenth percent issue ended at one hundred and five eighths up seven thirty seconds and Freddie Mac's ten percent securities at one hundred and six thirty seconds also up seven thirty seconds
As a result those in the department store industry are trying to become more attuned to the needs of these shoppers
Whether the Soviets are willing to go that far may depend on how eager they are to develop Siberia
Nippon Kogaku K. K. and Canon Incorporated of Japan also adopted semiconductor equipment technology to build the machines used by Japanese screen manufacturers which include Hitachi Limited Sony Corporation Matsushita Electric Industrial Company and Sharp Corporation
For the month we are looking at between eighteen point five million and nineteen million barrels a day he said
The attack by L. Gordon Crovitz Dukakis Should Pledge Allegiance to the Facts editorial page September first on Governor Dukakis's nineteen seventy seven veto of the Massachusetts legislation requiring teachers in the state to lead their classes in the Pledge of Allegiance is a disturbing example of political views trumping facts
Virgil and Marilyn Versteeg showed tax due on their nineteen seventy eight return but didn't pay it all
The reason is that Taipei is now the hope of last resort for a completely free and open Chinese society with the glimmer of a future for multiparty democracy
Mr. Cribiore acknowledged that Drexel has been the subject of a lot of conversation internally and with the counterpart at Drexel
Commonwealth said Jim R. Lindsey senior executive vice president of Commonwealth Savings was named president of both the thrift and the general partner of the limited partnership
Takeovers should be possible in Switzerland Mr. Studer said but certain unethical practices should be prevented
A Westinghouse official counters Normal considerations used to choose a contractor for such a high technology project went out the window
South Korea has been trying to establish relations with communist nations in order to increase trade and intensify pressure on North Korea for a normalization of relations between the two enemies
He indicated the company is able to obtain only about two thirds of its usual monthly supply of basic computer memory chips known as dynamic random access memory or DRAM chips
The finding of the crack could prompt a re examination of the struts on the rockets used for Discovery to ensure that cracks haven't been missed there
The New York Post also reported that an electronics company has shelved plans to use Mr. Tyson in a commercial but that couldn't be confirmed
Nationally from nineteen eighty one through nineteen eighty six the administration more than doubled the number of offshore leases
Certainly you have to bring the company's costs into line he said
Lincoln N. C. Realty Fund Incorporated said it ended discussions with all third parties regarding a potential recapitalization sale or other reorganization of the company
The possibility of substantial damage awards is critical not only to plaintiffs but to their attorneys who work on contingency fees
A nineteen twenty treaty promised independence but the treaty and the promise were scuttled three years later
Because in recent years it has been fast building a reputation for the best technology in the industry it has the most to lose
A spokesman for the F. C. C. said officials hadn't reviewed the material and thus hadn't any immediate comment
Based on First National's closing price of thirty nine dollars and fifty cents yesterday in national over the counter trading down one dollar and twenty five cents the transaction would be valued at forty three dollars and forty five cents a Provident share
If you add thirteen million from the next crop you have a total of over twenty one million bales he said
T. W. Services climbed one and five eighths to twenty and five eighths in a rally that followed a block trade of seven point two million shares or about fourteen point nine percent of the company's stock
In the year ago second quarter Cincinnati based Federated posted profit of thirty point one million dollars or thirty two cents a share
Mr. Harris also is skeptical that Mr. Hennessy the chairman has changed fundamentally
National Broadcasting Companies is considering airing Olympic events during television commercials by superimposing them on part of the T. V. screen but its plan has raised an outcry among advertisers
Salomon expects U. S. G. to do no better than the average stock for the next six months or so
Advantage a Nashville telecommunications and publishing concern said the transaction requires regulatory approvals and approval by its board
Schering was up two to five hundred eight
It finished slightly below its high for the day of one thousand two hundred forty five point oh five
Ontario is the part of this country most dependent on exports to the U. S. Mr. Crosbie tells the crowd of six hundred fifty reminding them that eighty nine percent of exports from Canada's wealthiest and most populous province go to the U. S.
We'll wind up with good original music for nothing predicts Michael L. Eskridge the N. B. C. executive vice president in charge of the Olympic broadcast
Clearly premium cost regulation is one of the surest ways of complicating any difficulties that might be caused by an active plaintiff's bar or other factors that drive up settlement costs
That is still our target Mr. Verity said
An Egyptian engineer established that when the Koran mentions roofs of silver it is talking about rooftop solar heaters
FEDERAL FUNDS eight and three sixteenths percent high eight and one sixteenth percent low eight and one sixteenth percent near closing bid eight and one eighth percent offered
But that is nonsense
The house of one of their leaders Prince Trubetskoy has been preserved as a museum since the Soviet state considers the Decembrists heralds of the revolution of nineteen seventeen
All the while Jammu is busy erasing crime stepping up black recruitments to the police force averting sudden acts of terrorism and starting a run on real estate speculation in the ghetto
The Hunts' attorneys at Kaye Scholer Fierman Hays and Handler have said they object to the bond because the Hunts have the assets to pay the judgment and because the ultimate damages if any may differ from the jury verdict
U. T. L. said Mr. Lee has turned proxy to all of his stock to Robert Galer a company director
The new dividend is payable October thirty first to stock of record September thirtieth
It made its own takeover proposal only to watch Halliburton reach an agreement to buy Gearhart
In his speech to the California League Mr. Wall referred to the negotiations with Bass Group which have taken more than eight months as an example of how private acquirers of failed thrifts and the Bank Board must learn to deal with each other's needs in an assisted transaction
Mark four already owns about one million four hundred sixty seven thousand of Armtek's twelve point two million common shares outstanding
He ran against them
The latest estimate was neutral to very slightly bullish analysts said
Sales grew eight point eight percent to three point nine nine billion dollars
Soybean growers do not
Allied's chairman Niall Crowley said the rights issue and full ownership of First Maryland would be a major strengthening of the Irish bank
The administration's position Mr. Gould said is that the notes have had federal government backing since last October first when they began to be fully treated as spending in the federal budget
Mr. Bush's aides say he is likely to seek zero real growth in the defense budget meaning he would propose just enough of an increase to cover inflation
The firm has the longest relationship with sixty nine year old Mr. Posner whom Mr. Williams represented in a criminal tax case last year
The yield on the Treasury's latest two year notes rose slightly to eight point four one percent from eight point three nine percent
The proposal calls for Metex shareholders to receive one point five shares of Metropolitan common stock for each Metex share
The stock market languished in featureless trading
On the other hand Mr. Dequeker does not find real symptoms in every Flemish canvas that shows a wizened or a tortured body
He said the problem of how to decide if managers could do a good job of running a nuclear power plant by judging their performance at an idled facility was partly solved by using a simulator that he called one of the best in the country
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Borden closed at fifty three dollars and twenty five cents a share down twelve point five cents
The woman Esther Kociemba said a Copper seven device caused her to develop pelvic inflammatory disease leading to sterility
Airline stocks typically fall during slowdowns as passenger traffic drops
A federal judge said Monsanto could be held liable for damages as well as its Searle unit maker of the device
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES eight point oh seven percent thirty days eight point oh three percent sixty days eight point oh five percent ninety days eight point one five percent one hundred twenty days eight point one five percent one hundred fifty days eight point one five percent one hundred eighty days
Now that the U. N. has clearly helped resolve several conflicts heretofore intractable Mr. Lichenstein attacks U. N. peace keeping as not cost effective
The psychological pressure is intense says Ms. Chung
The submarine situation provides a model for Swedish defense frustrations
But it's likely to be the last bad news of any major consequence we'll see this year
The Italian banking system requires a higher degree of concentration if it is to compete successfully with other European banks after creation of the single European market in nineteen ninety two a senior official of the Bank of Italy warned
If he doesn't says one expert here the spontaneity that sparked and sustains the uprising may some day prompt West Bank and Gaza Palestinians to sit down on their own to negotiate with Israel
But you really have to have a thick skin on the stock as all the negatives surface
Another analyst said the decision to build the factory indicates a strategy shift from the production of custom chips to mass production memory chips which are riskier because they require big investments to achieve economies of scale
In over the counter trading Friday Texcel shares were quoted at two point three seven five dollars bid
But he's not from my side of the family he adds quickly
Tektronix Incorporated reported net income in its fiscal first quarter ended August twentieth was up sharply from a year ago but the comparison is skewed by unusual charges in last year's quarter
After the optical device locates the proper spot on a disk a conventional magnetic recording head takes over to either write or read data
He bragged that he admired Hitler
N. B. I. Incorporated Moody's Investors Service Incorporated said it is reviewing its single B. two rating on thirty four million dollars of the Boulder Colorado computer maker's subordinated debt for possible downgrade
Mr. Grabow author of Congressional Investigations Law and Practice Prentice Hall nineteen eighty eight is a Washington lawyer
They tend to be businesses potentially that have strong market positions whether it's industrial or consumer products
John Gervasoni a distributor who bought M. C. A. records through Mr. Pisello claims he got a call from Zach Horowitz M. C. A. Records senior vice president for business and legal affairs
The Manhattan lawyer added that the documents are innocuous and said Ashland was merely trying to gain a tactical advantage against Iran
Barbie is red hot and Hot Wheels has emerged as one of the fastest selling toy lines in the country says Paul Valentine of Standard and Poor's Corporation noting that parents always seem willing to pay a premium for the hottest toys
Partisan letters from students written in careful English arrive regularly at the two companies' Swiss offices
Their efforts were successful and pro plaintiff decisions came tumbling down
I just won't know until I read the petition he said
Miles W. Lord the former chief federal judge in Minnesota who presided over crucial Dalkon Shield cases and was in charge of several Copper seven cases until he retired from the bench in nineteen eighty five said yesterday that the situations are similar
Mr. Ladd couldn't be reached for comment but in the company's statement he said Over the past few months I had received inquiries from third parties regarding other opportunities
For the first time in more than ten years cereal stocks are expected to fall below the minimum levels that the F. A. O. considers necessary to safeguard world food security he said
In national over the counter trading Friday Tyco closed at fourteen point three seven five dollars unchanged
If the listed shares of First Bank of Taiwan were sold at current levels the ten billion dollar plus in proceeds would be more than enough to buy every share of Citibank and Chase Manhattan Bank
Shamrock's two point four billion dollar hostile tender offer ran into skepticism on Wall Street
The loss will result from the company's debt service and the book loss that will be incurred as a result of the sale of its Southern Pacific Transportation Company unit
The economy looks great absolutely optimal he says
The medical services concern said the loss stems from troubles with military injector contracts and one time charges associated with the discontinuance of a product
Even the Blue Jays sub zero point five zero zero in the won lost column all season save for an odd day until this week's two of three game success here find themselves six and one half games out and theoretically at least contenders
Nevertheless he said the business was carrying a huge amount of debt including a large sum of money owed Bank Boston Financial which has security in virtually all of our assets
This activity reflects the desire among creditor banks to diversify their portfolios and guarded new interest in Brazil following the end of the country's debt moratorium
He like you acknowledges that appeal on the merits is now exhausted
Professor Hanke seems to make the assumption that the sole purpose of our National Forests is to produce commercial timber and therefore allowing a natural life cycle is not an efficient means of production
But that in no way means it's perfectly fair
In nineteen eighty seven it earned nine hundred eighteen million dollars or four dollars and two cents a share on sales of nine point four billion dollars
If any of them burst we will need new courses to take us safely through them and I have heard little of what courses they may be
Baker asks us to stop advocating the election of George Bush we will stop
Congressional provisions regarding the emigration of Russian Jews restrictions on credit and sales of advanced technology and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan brought it to a halt
But some gaming industry analysts predict the company's recent expansion spending including a two hundred million dollar addition to its Atlantic City N. J. resort could at least quadruple net income within two years
The rig has been working for Shell in the gulf's deep waters since February nineteen eighty seven a Reading official said
If the strike is still locked in by the weekend ministers could turn their thoughts to licensing competition says Madsen Pirie president of the Adam Smith Institute in London
At one point three billion bins will be empty said Donald Ratajczak director of economic forecasting at Georgia State University
The dispute has threatened to slow that growth by confusing customers who typically use Unix based machines for scientific and engineering projects but are beginning to use them for some general office work
Nissan already has one U. S. plant which makes compact cars and pickup trucks in Smyrna Tennessee
G. N. P. measures the value of a country's output of goods and services
Home Box Office is the industry's largest pay cable television network with more than twenty one million subscribers to its H. B. O. and Cinemax services
Only a few members of the committee challenged the planned Bass acquisition and Representative Charles Schumer D. N. Y. even said it looked better than most other assisted mergers of sick thrifts
Mr. Boschma said he doesn't know how many shares have been tendered under the offer
Says Reg Green president of a San Rafael California newsletter called Mutual Fund News Service I'd expect people will draw back as they did at the Boesky time though I think that's unwise
A percentage from that potential settlement doesn't figure into the forty two dollar a share hostile tender offer
We're beyond the point where Drexel is the only one who knows buyers and sellers of junk bonds he said
Joanne Lipman contributed to this article
They also questioned children and held focus group discussions before any production then showed the pilot to test audiences
The company is now projecting a loss for its second quarter ended August twenty sixth although it had previously expected to break even
Kidder is a unit of General Electric Company Fairfield Connecticut
Trading of Kaiser's Series A and Series B. preferred stock on the Pacific Stock Exchange has been suspended pending a decision by the U. S. Bankruptcy Court on confirmation of the plan
The three hundred seventy five page House bill the consolidation of the work of nine committees seeks to attack illicit drugs in the U. S. on many fronts boosting efforts to block their entrance into the country to educate young people to their dangers and to treat those who have become addicted to them
The credit card securities market less than two years old now totals six point five billion dollars
BUSH'S BASHING of the American Civil Liberties Union redounds to the A. C. L. U.'s favor
Broken Hill Proprietary which has interests in oil exploration lost zero point zero eight to eight point oh six Australian dollars six U. S. dollars and forty seven cents a share but Santos another oil explorer rose zero point zero two to three point seven seven
They have that mistral
BOESKY ROLE At Milken's request Boesky's broker dealer Seemala Corporation agreed to purchase the M. C. A. shares from Drexel
The Dallas bank isn't related to First Republic Bancorp of San Francisco
The five year contract calls for surveys in twenty five countries in Africa Asia the Middle East and Latin America
We need this restructuring to position ourselves more clearly Mr. Aalseth said
New York based Seidman and Seidman which has three hundred twenty partners in fifty offices next week will change its name to B. D. O. Seidman
Under its current buy back program which expires September twenty third the distiller has repurchased some one point one million shares for an average price of fifty seven dollars a share a spokeswoman said
No important policy changes are considered likely until a new U. S. president takes office next year
Marriott the industry leader with one hundred twenty three extended stay hotels plans to increase its total to three hundred by the early nineteen nineties David H. Rolston executive vice president of Marriott's Residence Inn unit said in an interview
Has he any views on what the era of detente proclaimed by President Reagan might mean for a restructuring of the U. S. economy
Research costs are rising
Nissan meanwhile would also get a new vehicle to sell as well as extra truck making capacity in the U. S.
The response of gains to permanent tax rate changes produces a smaller amount of revenue in four of the five models and static revenue in the fifth
The eight point five oh percent O. A. T.s were bid at ninety six point two seven to yield nine point one oh percent
There are now at least ten thousand such churches with memberships of two thousand or more twice the number of such churches ten years ago
In all more than six thousand directories are published by about two hundred publishers
He's terrific as Jack Noah an actor who lives on the good reviews he got once for playing Richard the third but who eats by doing knockoffs of Don Johnson
Disgusted he informs our host that we aren't in the market just now
They said this in turn could lead the World Bank to disburse several hundred million dollars in loans already approved for Peru but stalled because of the arrears
In announcing the change the bank says that heavy and stately names typically favored by banks are out of date in today's consumer oriented markets
Are these fears justified
Michael Hirsch chief investment officer of Republic National Bank of New York says It's the guy who runs it not the fund that counts
But while detailed expensive and unusual the new effort is still expected to draw criticism from those who want the drug's use sharply curtailed
Despite Mr. Bush's distrust of multilateral solutions for instance he and the Reagan administration have looked to U. N. negotiators to work out a cease fire in the IranIraq war
In the third quarter of nineteen eighty seven United HealthCare had a loss of twelve point eight million dollars on revenue of one hundred eleven point six million dollars
I guess that shows how the shareholders feel about it Mr. Icahn said
The second letter offered the talk show hosts the services of top F. T. C. officials to discuss consumer fraud
Don't ask me why
It sounds a little strange a security company getting its candy stolen concedes Philip A. Santore a company vice president manning the booth
However Mr. Devine added it may take either two more quarters of slow growth in the economy or signs of a potential recession before stocks can make substantial progress from their current levels
Insider trading abuses and stock manipulation abuses have to be brought to an end he said in a statement
Mr. Trudeau's office declined to comment on the Asian trip
She said it was packed with work related meetings with high government officials and was an important part of a report on burden sharing that was released last month
This appeared to be related to the Remic transaction as underwriters often purchase collateral from other dealers
In another situation involving Harris Graphics Corporation Drexel Michael Milken and other Drexel employees owned substantial chunks of Harris stock the complaint alleged
The trade surplus in Taiwan fell to one point four two billion dollars in August from one point nine billion dollars a year earlier but grew from eight hundred one point three million dollars in July the Directorate General of Budget Accounting and Statistics reported
Emhart makes electronic industrial and consumer products as well as information systems
Then again polls also gave him the lead two years ago until Mr. Adams ran even with him in the primary stunning the then incumbent and energizing the Democrat's campaign
For the first eight months of nineteen eighty eight total vehicle production was down a scant zero point two percent to seven million one hundred ninety five thousand nine hundred ninety nine from seven million two hundred eleven thousand nine hundred seventy four a year ago
The suit which is seeking six million dollars in damages alleges that Mr. McIntosh was injured in his profession reputation and credit was made to undergo trauma and indignities was caused to be held up to public ridicule and to suffer extreme humiliation and embarrassment
Mr. Murphy interviewed one vet who called National Guard service no different than going to Canada
The N. A. S. D. also charged that the unit published sales materials around November nineteen eighty six in the form of a newsletter that wasn't filed in time to meet the N. A. S. D. advertising department's requirements
So if there's a big rush to get out only a few people at a time will be able to do it
Additional financing for the new company would be raised from certain corporate and institutional investors including Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated which has long served as Lorimar's investment banker
If the investigation turns up no wrongdoing the commission will allow the increase as ordered by the court Mr. Lovett said
It is boosting its sales force hiring marketing consultants and hustling to win research contracts from Ford Motor Company Royal Dutch slash Shell Group and other multinationals
McGraw Hill Incorporated said it put its trade book group on the block because it no longer fits the New York company's long term strategic plan
The most serious threat probably is the anti abortion effort against Mr. Dukakis
But if it is completed in a few weeks as the parties hope it will close a major chapter in the S. and L. industry's inglorious decade of the eighties
Negotiators missed a scheduled four p. m. meeting with the Bass Group
But the nineteen eighty six tax act bars deduction of business costs for a home office rented to an employer
And they also have fewer dependent children fifty six percent of these families have no such children compared with forty eight percent of all families
Air Wis Appleton Wisconsin said Cove Capital Associates Incorporated representing Air Wis shareholder Transmark U. S. A. Incorporated asked for the second time in less than a month to discuss a proposal to acquire the company
Product sales however rose significantly for all companies forty one percent from the previous year for small companies thirty percent for mid sized companies and twenty four percent for large companies
An edited version will be made public at the joint I. M. F. World Bank annual meetings this month
But this basic concept itself only a few decades old is changing
Meanwhile some key technology issues extended their recent slump as International Business Machines went down one and one eighth to one hundred twelve and seven eighths Digital Equipment dropped one and seven eighths to ninety two and five eighths Compaq Computer eased one and one half to fifty two and five eighths and Motorola fell one quarter to forty two and one quarter
One specter that troubles many executives is worker takeovers of failing businesses
The study gave a mixed picture on inflation
Furthermore the company said business prospects look bright into nineteen eighty nine
When told that Slovenia sends eighty percent of its exports west and only twenty percent east he was heard to mumble Good boys
The party doesn't know where it's going where we are all going
Net in the quarter ended July thirty first grew to two point two million dollars or sixteen cents a share from one point two million dollars or eight cents a share a year earlier
A rally on the West German bond market as the dollar weakened in Europe also contributed to the bullish sentiment brokers said
August nonfarm payrolls were up two hundred nineteen thousand
The company gave generous sales incentives to dealers
The technology is familiar to at least some New York motorists who already can spin the dial to hear Lincoln Tunnel traffic condition reports
Ms. Clifton is a free lance writer based in London
Even more surprising was the strong performance of the contract traded in Osaka where trading far surpassed Tokyo's
The adjusted trade surplus climbed to seven point two four billion dollars from six point one eight billion dollars in June
As part of the SmithKline agreement with Invitron SmithKline would buy about one point five million Invitron shares and warrants to buy about two hundred seventeen thousand shares at ten dollars and thirty five cents a share
Ms. Tyler spins stories so gracefully it seems she need only ask herself an unlikely What if and then follow the answer where it leads her
Mr. Fernandez's lawyer couldn't be reached for comment
In recent years Revco strayed by attempting to become more of a general merchandiser
Other than what the boiler room operations sold there was little market for these shares and when they stopped pushing the shares the market for them would dry up leaving investors stuck
Wilson said as it has several times during the past few weeks that it is negotiating several possible transactions with several parties and will continue to pursue alternatives to Doskocil's offer
Personal finance author Andrew Tobias who tells people to shop around for everything from shaving cream to auto insurance admits he doesn't shop around when it comes to airlines
A video and voice recording of Ms. Boddie was used in an April nineteenth nineteen eighty broadcast of the A. B. C. news show twenty twenty ths in a segment about another Ohio judge entitled Injustice for All
Mark four makes a variety of industrial products for the aerospace and defense industries among others
The people of Massachusetts are well aware of the fiscal crisis and Mr. Dukakis's decline in the polls there may attract wider press interest
In American Stock Exchange trading Friday Inter City shares last traded at sixteen dollars and twenty five cents down twenty five cents
Mr. Tucker's basic philosophy is that the union leadership has lost touch with the rank and file in its drift into a relationship with the corporations that appears to be biased toward capital's needs without a quid pro quo for the workers
Mr. Takeshita still must quickly overcome opposition legislators' balking and bickering
The conflict between romantic traditionalists and rationalizing modernists continues to this day
As part of that agreement Mr. De Benedetti will be named vice chairman of Generale de Belgique and will control three other seats on the board of about twenty members
Cullum a regional grocery and drugstore chain based in Dallas said the group hopes to complete the transaction in November
The company says all contributions are voluntary
When you want to look at something smaller and smaller you have to have bigger and bigger machines says James W. Cronin a Nobel laureate particle physicist at the University of Chicago
Justino Diaz is Nelusko
Integrated Resources Incorporated whose unit is planning an eight dollar and fifty cent a share tender offer for Nantucket Industries Incorporated disclosed that it holds a five point five percent stake in Nantucket Industries' common shares outstanding
The fear of inflation is diminishing said Sam Kobuse head of Yamaichi Securities Company's foreign bond dealing section who added that Japanese life insurance companies are seeking to build up their long term bond holdings
Maybe that's healthier said Martha Seger the Fed member who has been the most reluctant to raise rates
Bush is fishy was one chant
In all fifty thousand safe harbor leases were executed in nineteen eighty one and nineteen eighty two with electric co ops doing close to thirty such deals
The company's Central Telephone Company unit's senior secured debt is lowered to triple B. plus from double A senior unsecured to triple B. from double A minus and commercial paper to A two from A one plus
It has about fifteen billion dollars in deposits all of which have been guaranteed to their full amounts under a special Bank Board order
In general aides say Mr. Dukakis might raise defense spending enough to match inflation but no faster
Data General which said earlier it planned to sell the plant as part of a cost reduction program said that after the sale its interest in the plant will be less than twenty percent
And after all this Sturm und Drang you are left watching reruns of I Love Lucy
In Greece on the other hand there is no civilian radar save for a small unit at Athens airport for approach and takeoff
There are more businesses for pets than for people
In the months leading up to the Libya raid there was the hijacking of the Achille Lauro the Rome and Vienna airport massacres the bombing of T. W. A. flight eight hundred forty and of the American Embassy in Kuwait
Mr. Evans editor of the Indianapolis News nineteen sixty to seventy four is director of the National Journalism Center in Washington
Mr. Makatini was aware when he said this that he was talking about the deaths of up to twenty five million blacks and several million whites
The doctors comparing their results with past studies of thrombolytic drugs said there isn't much evidence yet that T. P. A. is significantly better at saving heart attack victims than two rivals streptokinase and anistreplase previously called streptokinase plasminogen activator complex
I think it's a bit of a signal that they may not be that optimistic about the auto business over the next three years and so they may want to keep some liquidity said David Healy a securities analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated
On Sunday afternoon more than fourteen thousand people covered the Tanglewood lawn
And he says that at least once he picked up easy money from a contractor without doing any work at all
The F. B. I. is specifically seeking to hire women and minorities in the specialties needed increasingly by the bureau linguists engineers computer scientists lawyers and accountants he said
Air consists of seventy eight percent nitrogen twenty one percent oxygen and other gases
So it comes as no surprise that the actual reform does not significantly change the tax rate nor the tax burden of the middle class
During her two week trial Ms. Hadida accused her ex husband of abusing drugs and alcohol and of molesting their four year old daughter
Texaco Incorporated reached an agreement designed to head off potential political problems and intramural conflict over the intended sale of its Canadian unit
These rate indications aren't directly comparable lending practices vary widely by location
Non farm productivity declined at a revised one point four percent annual rate in the second quarter slightly less than the one point seven percent pace of decline reported a month ago the Labor Department said
Ostensibly they teach kids to respect nature
Mr. Stice estimated the trappers will capture sixty five percent to seventy percent of the possible maximum of three thousand four hundred fifty
A little controversy doesn't hurt as long as it doesn't come to anything Mr. Ransom said
MCorp's future may now hang on the outcome of a regularly scheduled audit started in July by federal regulators
In national over the counter trading yesterday Masco closed as twelve point one two five dollars up sixty two point five cents
More women than men are satisfied with important aspects of their work lives with the exception of their paychecks according to a survey by Wyatt Company a consulting firm
Prepayments are likely to continue falling until the late winter she said
Wal Mart which has been expanding rapidly and gaining market share by aggressively lowering everyday prices posted an eight percent increase in same store sales
Eric Zimits an analyst with Morgan Keegan and Company said the company has a fifty percent share of that market and derives more than seventy percent of its profit from it
Charles E. Koob attorney for the men's tennis council at Simpson Thacher and Bartlett couldn't be reached for comment
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Avon shares closed at twenty three point three seven five dollars down twenty five cents while the market fell broadly
As for Northrop's forty two billion dollars ultra secret B. two Stealth bomber program which has been said to be greatly over budget the suits allege that the defendants submitted false billings overstated the so called earned value on the government contract and misrepresented certain tests and work on the aircraft
Maxwell Communication a British printing publishing and communication concern originally proposed acquiring all of Macmillan July twentieth
They are simply there to maim civilians
Ironically the law he vetoed was supposed to replace an earlier more coercive law
But in fact the overwhelming weight of the evidence suggests Vietnam picked up at least some of the missing crewmen
Public Works Minister Rodolfo Terragno who oversees the divestment of state companies retorted that a public tender was unnecessary because Aerolineas was merely seeking a partner
If the environmental evangelists have any unique skill it's the ability with the blind cooperation of the press to scare the daylights out of the public
Their talents lie elsewhere on the field and so do their enthusiasms
Earlier this week a senior official of Japan's Economic Planning Agency said the economy almost certainly contracted in the second quarter following first quarter growth of eleven point three percent at an annual rate
Epitope is pinning its hopes on a gene isolated by the company's director of research A. J. Fero that appears to control a hormone that produces ethylene a gas that plays a predominant role in the ripening process
And indeed when you put a microphone in front of a common man or at least in front of someone in Mr. Downey's audience you are very likely to hear something that while not to be found in the pages of Milton Friedman or Leo Strauss still will be the sort of defense of the status quo usually thought of as conservative
Getting organized can be tough
Too many bargaining units could result in more strikes disrupted patient care and additional costs he added
After raiding a local supermarket and applying gilt paint the interns set up a display near the Presley Cadillac of what else Elvis's solid gold shopping cart
But until that day comes space firms turn to Uncle Sam for help
The visitors see the compact rooms where astronauts will work sleep and perhaps train for a journey to Mars
That compares with nineteen eighty seven net income of two hundred fourteen million Canadian dollars or four Canadian dollars and eighty seven cents a share
Precision Standard Incorporated Denver said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Hayes International Corporation for forty five million dollars and common stock equal to two percent of its twelve point three million shares outstanding
Senator Quayle campaigning in Louisiana responded This is the first real sign that you are seeing a crumbling campaign
Harvard doesn't provide perks to Gatlings
The average reached the two thousand fifty level in the first few minutes of the session before the market gradually retreated to lower levels and then failed in a late recovery attempt
Other producers follow suit trimming suppliers and demanding more from those that remain
Japanese life insurance companies are curbing their rapid buying and selling of U. S. shares just to earn stock dividends a practice with which Wall Street has developed a love hate relationship
Vintners like Sebastiani Glen Ellen and Sutter Home specialize in producing Zinfandels Chardonnays and Cabernet Sauvignons for three dollars to seven dollars a bottle
A Cordis official said he didn't believe any patients were adversely affected by using the pacemakers in question
The growing economy has indeed lifted the standard of living for everyone said Marlin Fitzwater President Reagan's spokesman
Carnival Cruise agreed to pay five hundred fifty million dollars for a seventy percent stake in Royal Caribbean and Admiral Cruise Lines two rivals that operate jointly
Novell's recent growth as been fueled by sales of its Netware software package which has linked more than two million International Business Machines Corporation personal computers or I. B. M. compatible personal computers into networks
The central bank did step into the interbank money markets Thursday however allowing rates on short term bills to rise one sixteenth percentage point
Medicare physician spending has been and will continue to be out of control William Roper chief of the Health Care Financing Administration which oversees Medicare told Congress earlier this year
I didn't see that there was evidence yet that the drug in humans was better than any number of other unproven agents says Daniel Hoth head of the National Allergy and Infectious Disease's AIDS drug program
Stansbury Mining Corporation said Joseph L. Warnement was named president replacing Victor Borcherds who resigned
I see a much longer and broader trend of similar service inadequacies in the economy
Excluding the gain Petrie earned three point six million dollars or eight cents a share in the second quarter down fifty seven percent from the year earlier quarter which included equity earnings of more than four million dollars
But they also are listed as possible new T. V. pilots for the fall season in an academic paper recently published by educator William D. Samson
It wasn't pretty Gannett's Detroit News offered sizable discounts to advertisers and subscribers
Standard and Poor's Corporation placed about one point nine billion dollars of debt of this Beverly Hills California hospital operator on its CreditWatch list of ratings subject to a possible downgrade because of the expected resignation of Chairman Walter L. Weisman
Finally the mean annual temperature in the Gulf of Maine is about fifty degrees not great for swimming but perfect for lobsters
Wall Street analysts generally expect growth of ten percent
Which leaves the world to ponder more cosmic issues
But Ronald Reagan blew the whistle on this wild party and the governors like a lot of other people are discovering what life is like with a Congress that has virtually no idea what its point or purpose is any longer
Mr. McGurn is deputy editorial page editor of The Asian Wall Street Journal
It reflects the failure to find a compromise candidate less likely to polarize the nation and the president's stubborn conviction that only he can prevent Chile's descent into Marxist chaos
The dividend of one dollar and fifty two cents a share was cut in March from the once fast growing utility's high of two dollars and ninety two cents a share
Both management and dissident shareholders claim to have won the seat in the election of directors at the August seventeenth annual meeting
Roy came out of Pittsburgh and as a boy didn't bother to learn to read music because anything he heard he could play
Data Switch said initial deliveries are scheduled for the first quarter of nineteen eighty nine
Could that happen
An American spokesman adds At no time did anyone feel there were any antitrust implications
Other unsightly features can be shaded with lighting
Digital Communications Associates dropped two and five eighths to twenty seven and three quarters
But sources close to the investigation confirmed that it is part of a much broader inquiry involving several electric utilities around the country that were audited by Arthur Andersen the nation's biggest accounting firm
Mr. Icahn said allegations that the airline will be in a weakened financial position if taken private are untrue
And he defended his candidate's policies so hotly before the leading association of economists that a fist fight almost broke out
A U. N. spokesman who announced the move toward ending the thirteen year conflict over the phosphate rich region didn't disclose what conditions had been imposed on the plan
Typically it takes investors five years to recoup their stake in a leveraged buyout in which they finance an acquisition largely with debt and repay it mainly by selling assets
Hale and Dorr the venerable Boston law firm couldn't be situated more perfectly for a Dukakis administration
Mr. Weill says that the A. L. Williams sales force is one of the few groups of insurance agents who have successfully sold mutual funds
First section volume was estimated at four hundred fifty million shares up from four hundred thirty million shares Monday
Nippon Mining has had ties with Gould since nineteen eighty one when the two set up a Tokyo based joint venture which manufactures copper foil
A boom in new homes and home renovations has spurred the replacement of traditional trench style squat toilets with new bidet like porcelain wonders that squirt water in several directions and blow warmed air the so called paperless toilets
The next refinery closure will be Erdoel Raffinerie Duisburg ERD GmbH a unit of Deutsche Fina GmbH
Prior to joining B. P. Minerals America which previously was Kennecott Minerals Mr. Winter was vice president and general manager of Inspiration Consolidated Copper Company Miami Arizona from nineteen seventy six to nineteen eighty three
For example the National Incidence study noted that nine percent of the cases determined to be unfounded by child protective service workers did indeed involve mistreatment that had resulted in physical harm to the child
Thus the proposal only begs a crucial question often begged before Will the electrician from Gdansk represent himself or will he represent a legal and independent trade union
Kentucky's guidelines require that the targeted letters be accurate
Charges of conflicts of interest and inefficiency are bogging down the two point four billion dollars Dalkon Shield trust fund before a single claim has been paid to compensate women who were hurt by the contraceptive device
The Baltimore franchiser of quick oil change auto centers criticized the Journal article in a long news release late yesterday
Yet Dan Cunning a board member of the county development corporation can think of only one new house built in town within the last year
We do not hold poor people morally responsible for their economic state
The theory which has been largely adopted by the people who administer the U. S.'s federally owned lands is that the forests should be left standing growing dying decaying and falling down
In a rare interview fifteen months ago Mr. Bass praised Mr. Weisman's performance while noting that his investment was still in the red
But in a British Shakespeare production most of the actors seem to be speaking the same language and living in the same world
For some reason now he's gone and proved it
The company also said it completed the financing for the purchase
Emerge is designed as a general interest magazine aimed at black professionals
On the soundtrack an old biddy's voice sneers in obvious disapproval Look at that
Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Trent commander of the Thunderbirds stressed that his unit already had developed sophisticated safety procedures and that spectators have never been harmed at a Thunderbird air show
Drastically limiting the emission of carbon dioxide means cutting deeply into global energy use
Maybe it isn't as magical as it was
COPPE and most solid waste experts agree that the best approach to handling municipal solid waste includes a combination of management tools such as recycling safe waste to energy incineration and environmentally secure landfill
In national over the counter trading yesterday Sun shares closed at thirty eight dollars and fifty cents up seventy five cents
Merrill Lynch repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and there was speculation that the company might sell its sixty two percent stake in Shearson Lehman Hutton
Joe Kulavik president of Sunrise Express Incorporated Vancouver Washington says We are definitely going to do battle with T. R. W. over such matters as lost business insurance costs and the cost of replacement parts
Mr. Doyle who faces charges of fraud and breach of trust in Newfoundland has lived in Panama since nineteen seventy four
The Massachusetts governor said his G. O. P. rival's call for a cut in the capital gains tax amounts to a handout for the wealthy
The agency and the cooperative recently agreed on a debt restructuring plan
He was looking to do that from Day One said Arthur Carter a early business partner and longtime friend who publishes the Nation magazine and two New York area newspapers
A state agency has already taken over the city's purse strings imposing spending restrictions and drafting a worst case plan
Texas Eastern Corporation said it agreed to buy the liquefied petroleum gas business of closely held International Controls Corporation Summit N. J. for one hundred seventy five million dollars in a two step sale
Japan's Yokohama couldn't be reached but industry experts said its A zero zero one R. slash A zero zero eight R. line also is a racing style tire
I want to make very sure that we're not putting U. S. jobs at risk over the next two years Mr. Burnley said
From bolts to power pole design they mimicked the Rural Electrification Administration in hopes that the system that powered New Deal America's farmhouses would serve these outlying islands just as well
Share prices on the Tokyo Stock Exchange gained during Saturday's half day session to partially offset Friday's decline but trading remained as thin as it had been all last week
In the meantime dealers in the City London's financial district brace for lower returns and even more cutthroat competition
Art World Incorporated a Fort Lauderdale Florida franchiser of retail art galleries says it stumbled upon the new trend by accident
He declined to identify the potential acquirers
The choice of Mr. Haberer isn't official and it won't be until it is voted on by the cabinet said one official source
But even if the two belligerents don't launch a pumping race there is another possibility even more bearish for oil markets says Marion B. Stewart editor of the National Economic Research Associates Energy Outlook
That got me thinking American revivals
That's hardly elitism
Institutional change also is slow to arrive
Mergers and acquisitions which frequently result in big debts that create a tremendous cash flow problem and thus push companies to hold down wage costs says Arthur Gundersheim an official of the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers' Union
Mrs. Ford alleges in petitions filed in probate court here that Mr. Donaldson refused to accept his appointment as a trustee unless he was voted a one million dollar annual fee for his services
The astonishing story of what happened to Mr. Olson a former mid level Justice Department official shows the brutal excesses of the most powerful branch
Separately Interco said it filed a complaint last week with the Federal Trade Commission arguing that the Rales brothers have violated the Hart Scott Rodino Act
Although real G. N. P. growth slowed in the first half of nineteen eighty eight Mr. Harris says it was an only temporary inventory correction
Earlier this month Macrochem said it had filed a patent application on its proprietary drug technology
On other issues the committee found that the current risk of renewed inflation is greater than the risks of recession and that the Fed's conduct of policy in recent months has been appropriate
At a public lecture on AIDS Prevention Through Bloodless Surgery he describes his techniques pointing to slides of diseased organs and surgical paraphernalia
We've raised the potential for a currency crisis down the road he says adding that if you had been through the experience the Japanese went through when the dollar was falling you'd be terrified of another sharp decline in the dollar
Estimates on the payroll figures ranged from one hundred seventy thousand to three hundred twelve thousand with half falling between two hundred ten thousand and two hundred fifty thousand
Other matters are under consideration Judge Parker said in his Washington D. C. court
But when a portfolio manager holding that same stock currently selling at nine and three quarters counters with the view that it's not going to blow up right away but it is a five dollar stock investors usually take notice
For instance it's already too late to take advantage of Eastern's recently announced fare reductions from the Northeast to Florida tickets had to be purchased between August fifteenth and August twenty sixth
To be sure President Zia's absence now is less critical than it would have been before the Soviets agreed to withdraw
The latest turn in Macmillan's three month fight to remain independent is likely to force it to sweeten the terms of the restructuring plan which calls for the company to be split into two businesses
SOMETHING TO keep in mind next time you walk into a car dealership Increasingly the salesman is counting on you to shell out several thousand dollars after you pay for the car
Source Telerate Systems Incorporated
The twenty six year old Mitchell's victory was especially sweet because she's had to hurdle both physical and psychological problems since the last Olympics
Stella is a real man's man
The Exchange board also voted to close all currency and interest rate futures and options contracts at noon on the business day before a three day holiday weekend and on all banking holidays
And to further stress the president's commitment to closer ties with the U. S.'s nearest trading partners during the first ten days of January U. S. Trade Representative Clayton K. Yeutter announced a series of agreements with Mexico covering a variety of American products and Mexican steel and textile products
It is apparently not on the Soviet side that the matter hinges
Asked about such goals Morgan Grenfell's Mr. Disney pales
Those who joined and faced that possibility did go through the rigors of boot camp which is more than can be said for the thousands of their contemporaries who really dodged the draft by fleeing to Canada and other places
Sticking to a policy that caused harm would hurt their own reputations and destroy their own property while at Yellowstone managers must follow policy set largely by an environmental elite that is not accountable for the results of stubbornly following an ideological course
When General Park Chung Hee consolidated political power in nineteen sixty two South Korea was a very poor country with a per capita income of about eighty dollars meager total output of two point three billion dollars and a high population growth rate of two point nine percent
An exchange spokesman said it is planning to admit foreign companies under a new catagory as associate members
The quarters she collects from the gambling parlors don't go into slot machines she uses them in washing machines instead
The water issue has become touchy because some opponents of the proposed U. S. Canada free trade agreement claim that the accord would give the U. S. assured access to Canadian water
It is what makes black people black and gives light skinned people a tan
Nevertheless the Fed takes the concerns seriously enough that it prepares contingency plans for a market crash We've got a bag of tricks for anything says one Fed policy maker
The biggest was the weakening mark
This measure considered by some analysts to be a better gauge of corporate health than after tax profits is adjusted to eliminate the effects of inflation on inventories and to reflect depreciation more accurately
Now however he says the sluggish sales environment has changed all that
For the year ended April thirtieth the closely held Access Technologies a Natick Massachusetts based software company had net income of two point five million dollars and revenue of eighteen point three million dollars
Bills passed by Congress but not yet signed by President Reagan will bring that to one hundred forty five point three billion dollars just seven hundred million dollars shy of the one hundred forty six billion dollar level that would trigger across the board spending cuts
He is said to prefer selling his systems as one entity rather than breaking them up
I am fascinated if not astonished the way the market responded to such a fairy tale says Joe Roeber a London based energy consultant
In national over the counter trading yesterday Norstan was unchanged at seven point six two five dollars a share
The latest recall affects five Oldsmobile models and four Buick models
Separately Mr. Ouellette told shareholders the market potential for Praxis driven technology could be one billion dollars by nineteen ninety five and estimated Praxis and its selected strategic development partners could very well attain half of this potential market through aggressive joint marketing efforts both in the United States and abroad
If Las Vegas were taking odds says Will Glennon legal analyst for the California Trial Lawyers Association they would heavily favor it
Over the counter stock prices declined for the third time in four sessions reflecting a continued lack of interest among retail investors
One negative factor beyond Mr. Lawson's control was the Piper Alpha oil rig disaster in early July which shut down part of North Sea production and cut Britain's customary surplus from oil trade to sixty five million pounds from one hundred forty eight million pounds in June
The base rate on corporate loans at large U. S. money center commercial banks
Polypropylene is used in manufacturing products such as carpets yarns packaging films and automotive and appliance parts
A fund manager at a life insurance company said Volume was slow again so prices were more volatile than they would have been otherwise
Mr. Mills will reach the mandatory retirement age of sixty five in November
Doctor Grimson and his wife Judy are currently arguing over what to do
The report said summer grain output will fall short of the quota and a bumper autumn crop unlikely because of the natural disasters would be needed to reach the target of four hundred ten million tons
Carolyn Watkins of the Walker Library points out that there is a whole cult thing about Stephen King
But that unity could come unglued if Fukushima is seen as a debacle for tax reform
The project which the Hong Kong developer proposed to the Chinese special economic zone of Shenzhen never got started
A metric ton is equivalent to thirty six point seven bushels
Also our people counting procedures while very good are not perfect
Now that President Zia is gone the new government must try to reunite the country's various antagonists
No doubt
Tokyo touters expect the government to support N. T. T. to make sure its selling price isn't below that of the company's last public issue
The union would have a hard time painting Mr. Doskocil as a heartless capitalist however
Short sales generally are bets by brokerage firms or investors that a stock's price will fall
In explaining the latest increase Northwest said its advance bookings are strong
Now it entered our lives
The Securities and Exchange Commission charged money manager Mario Gabelli and five investment companies and partnerships he runs with failing to make proper disclosures about an attempt last year to take over DiGiorgio Corporation
About two thousand municipal landfills she said meet the criteria for Superfund toxic waste cleanups
Thus he argued the sentence was illegal
Since then the president has signed the drought relief bill which carries a three point nine billion dollar price tag
Corporate profits a traditional engine of stock prices rose sharply in the second quarter from a year earlier
He didn't give many details about C. and K. Marketing but said the company is at least ten years old and has run many many contests and sweepstakes for establishments throughout their existence without even a hint of impropriety
A giant company that may also be politically palatable is Schlumberger which likes to promote its French identity and could provide almost any service related to the oil fields to either country
The new line merges the I. B. M. System thirty six and System thirty eight machines
Dealers also said a late mark rally was triggered by a large stop loss order from a London clearing house bank to sell sterling for marks when the pound fell to three point one seven seven five marks
Like what he did during the war
I enlisted for three years because I was told I'd have a better chance of getting the type of assignment you'd want
And I made special efforts to see to it that my time in service took maximum advantage of my capability
The exchanges had said just two weeks ago that they would take whatever steps necessary to prevent this proposed hostile transaction from taking place
The benchmark Treasury eleven and three quarters percent issue due two thousand three two thousand sevenths fell twelve thirty seconds of a point to one hundred fourteen and twenty seven thirty seconds to yield nine point eight oh percent
Yesterday world oil prices continued to drift in a relatively narrow trading range
The one two three spreadsheet series accounted for about two thirds of the company's three hundred ninety five million dollars in revenue last year making it the biggest selling program for personal computers
Ford Motor Company analyst L. Raymond Windecker reasoned that an interest rate increase of half a percentage point will increase the monthly payment on a ten thousand dollar purchase by only four dollars and seventeen cents
Their appearance turned out to be among the most surprising moments of the evening
Indeed a look at Moscow's behavior toward Afghanistan since Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in early nineteen eighty five is instructive
Then as America's inflationary momentum is reduced in a year or two the European Japanese and American price levels could smoothly align themselves without overshooting
When it's over students say they've become confident of their ability to invent when the situation demands it
It will also market advanced applications for industrial and business environments
Claire's Stores Incorporated reported a net loss of one million dollars for the second quarter ended July thirtieth largely because of weak sales and sharp markdowns on merchandise
The company failed to make a one point two million dollar interest payment on the debentures that was due May first
It announced that capital expenditures this year will approach four hundred million dollars compared with two hundred eighty million dollars in nineteen eighty seven and that capital spending will be in the four hundred fifty million dollars to five hundred million dollar range each of the next several years
If Mr. Arafat arrives at the U. N. this time without the empty pistol holster he wore in nineteen seventy four and makes an unambiguous statement of recognition along the lines the U. S. has demanded since nineteen seventy five Washington will have little choice but to open a dialogue and urge Israel to do likewise
M. I. T. I. will request about two billion yen fifteen million dollars for the Human Frontiers Science project which will give grants and fellowships to scientists around the world for biological research
The agency concluded the bonds were arbitrage bonds
Small capitalization portfolios Mr. Ross says tend to be much more sensitive to the business cycle because when the crunch comes the first to suffer aren't the General Motors of the world but the outside suppliers
Officials of the Costa Mesa California company which makes a shock wave system to disintegrate kidney stones and gallstones couldn't be reached for comment yesterday
Few other forecasters look exclusively at the economy
Even a limited system costs at least twelve thousand dollars including the computer with the card and video camcorder Computer Friends says
In the auto sector Daimler Benz slumped six point five to six hundred fifty Bayerische Motoren Werke slipped three to four hundred eighty two and Volkswagen was down two to two hundred fifty point five
Yet he adds that because he was in on the ground floor buying far out of the money options he was able to ride out the decline in much the same way as a gambler who is far ahead in effect playing with the house's money
The ability to surveil and confront problems depends on gut feeling and a strong knowledge of the markets
Mr. Dukakis also may be less likely than President Reagan and perhaps Mr. Bush to make U. S. Soviet relations the overriding issue in American foreign policy
The company said the portfolio consists of one hundred eighty eight thousand Visa Visa Gold MasterCard and Gold MasterCard accounts
Excluding the often volatile food and energy sectors consumer prices rose zero point three percent in July after a zero point four percent rise the month before
Deere and Company's profit more than tripled in its fiscal third quarter despite the drought which cut into sales
These rate indications aren't directly comparable lending practices vary widely by location
Now it's matter of giving them time to work out he said
According to the filing the group met with Tri State's counsel on August fifteenth
There is speculation that the government will allow farmers to plant more crops next year thus increasing demand for fertilizer
Because they entail selling important businesses to foreign companies swaps sometimes are seen as a threat to national sovereignty
But about twenty percent of these quitters ultimately resumed the habit
The group said it expects to have about two hundred fifty employees drawn from the eight participants each of which has committed four point five million dollars a year for three years to the project
Both Mrs. Aquino and Armed Forces Chief of Staff General Renato de Villa said they would respect the decision
If you can learn by another person's mistake you were probably the victim
Kellogg Company blames rising labor manufacturing packaging transportation and advertising costs as well as higher commodity prices for ten percent price increases on corn flakes this year
It was supposed to enshrine the principle of nationalism and another fashionable intellectual concept self determination by which was understood the adjustment of frontiers by plebiscite according to ethnic preference
We are exploring various options for proceeding ahead
In Cyprus he adds there is no agreement whatsoever between the two sides
Apple Computer Incorporated which has been revamping its sales and marketing organization for the past year announced a sweeping reorganization of the entire company into four operating divisions
One payment under study is the seven million seven hundred fifty thousand dollars that a now deceased South Korean businessman Park Chong Kyu received
For the six months ended June thirtieth the filing said Gitano had net income of fifteen point nine million dollars on sales of two hundred fifty five million dollars up from net of ten point nine million dollars on sales of one hundred seventy eight point eight million dollars a year earlier
Since emerging from Chapter eleven Wickes has been totally restructured the business base has been strengthened and income has increased
Mr. Guez indicated that he was staying with a friend here Thursday and Friday and was in touch with a third attorney according to Mr. McMahon
Now every time you hire somebody you have to worry about whether the person singing sounds like somebody else says Felix Kent a New York lawyer for several major ad agencies
The government isn't about to abolish the whole message service it has invested too much money in the Minitels for that
A Scherer spokeswoman said she didn't know exactly when the company learned of the court's order
He portrayed Dukakis his Democratic opponent as a pessimist and a liberal in moderate's clothing
Separately questions were increasingly being raised about Mr. Quayle's mediocre academic career
I think virtually everybody in this world uses pull when they can
Then as the convention hall exploded into a sea of waving flags and cheering delegates he was joined by his wife Barbara children and grandchildren
Thus German travel agencies that are already linked to Lufthansa's system will be much more likely to become Amadeus agents than to sign up with Galileo or a U. S. system selling in Europe
Antoni Tabak
As chairman of Lubbock based Furr's slash Bishop's Cafeterias L. P. which operates a chain of one hundred fifty five cafeteria restaurants in the Midwest and Southwest Mr. Levenson has already shaken things up at his own company
Guiliano Raviola fifty five years old was appointed to the board of this magnetic tape manufacturer
International Finance Corporation a World Bank affiliate said it is joining with Japanese banks in providing seventy three point one million dollars in loans for an iron ore processing project in Venezuela
Will President Reagan's tax cut free market policies leave a lasting legacy or prove to be a chimera that vanishes without the president's personal magic
The disruptive element in this integrated world economy and the basic reason for the general feeling of economic insecurity has been monetary instability
Suddenly the two grand old universities are aging in a decidedly ungraceful manner
Or would there be a roster of O. K. shrinks and not O. K. shrinks
The Big Board declines to comment
Nor can the network yet say when two acclaimed comedies The Wonder Years and Hooperman will be ready to air
Mr. Taylor who manages Scallop's message center installing and maintaining personal computers and telex equipment declines a transfer
Francis Coppola interviewed in the September issue of Mother Jones magazine
And yet
A Federal Reserve spokesman said the board had until mid September to file a reply brief and would respond then
Herman Miller Incorporated's nineteen eighty two annual report designed by Stephan Frykholm has the friendly look of a photo album
And in a nation where sloth greed and lust often are cited as portents of moral decline Mr. Huddleston is the first candidate to address the issue of rampant pettifoggery
The shape of the order also could have a major effect on the future directions at one or both of the nation's two big aircraft makers
This said Mr. Terashima was taken by some as a sign that the market was nearing a bottom
Requiring the use of biodegradable products paper or plastic is not a solution
The space transportation system of the future should consist of expendable vehicles that meet the needs of the space missions rather than limiting them as does the shuttle
Adam F. Cuhney an analyst at Kidder Peabody and Company said margins are under pressure from an increased proportion of computer peripherals which are inherently less profitable in the company's sales
Still unresolved however is a new permit for the unit which is designed to clean pollutants from ballast water from ships that carry oil from Valdez
The offer for the remaining one point nine million shares has an indicated value of seventeen point six million dollars
Big Board volume rose to one hundred sixty nine point five million shares from one hundred sixty two point eight million Tuesday as the result of increased trading by institutions seeking to capture the dividends of high yielding stocks
It is becoming increasingly clear that Soviet assessments are true that the Afghan regime isn't a house of cards that will collapse instantly said Dimitri Simes a specialist on Soviet affairs at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace
Their largest profit one million three hundred thirty five thousand seven hundred fifty nine dollars came from the May nineteen eighty three sale of ninety one acres of land outside Houston
The weather report officially released after the futures markets closed did in fact predict above normal temperatures in most of the Midwest and southern Great Plains which would continue to put additional stress on the soybean crop
He believes however that the book would have sold better had it been marketed differently and he implies that it was a lack of egotism not a surplus that hurt sales
The green light for the nation's first prescription treatment for baldness came just days after a cover story in Consumer Reports magazine raised questions about the effectiveness of Rogaine the market name for the drug
Ginnie Maes finished little changed after generally quiet trading
I think this will be a campaign where there will be no prisoners taken he says
North has testified that he believed his superiors were aware of his activities
The sport has grown tremendously over the past ten years said the managing editor Beatrice Dowd
You scored debating points in the August first editorial Asides Let's Make a Deal in which you suggested that Carl Rowan could say he was sorry for wounding the teen age trespasser and the police could agree to enforce the laws
The maker of electronic parts said the stock remains undervalued and at current market prices represents an attractive investment
The networks can't rely on their own house ads anymore to alert viewers to programming said Norman Branchflower president of Western States
In particular the O. E. C. D. cites labor union reforms privatization of government owned industries and better education and training
Mr. Farmer stunned the political community by announcing his intention to raise a total of fifty million dollars in party funds including much soft money to be spent in addition to the forty six million dollars in public funds to be spent directly by the Dukakis campaign
But few companies are willing to pinpoint such expected increased costs exactly
Unisys has also said that it reported the problem to the government
But of course the dentist only goes to work to relieve long term pain in the wake of easy indulgence
That technology concludes a recent study by the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington could lead to revolutionary advances in marine propulsion
It is our opinion that it is entirely proper for State Farm to participate in elections in California Mr. Stahly said
They price themselves according to what the value of the good is perceived to be and they'll continue to do that until the market says it won't accept it
And that's why the Florida S. and L. paid forty million dollars for the residual tranche as a nifty hedge against rising interest rates
Mr. Viguerie estimates that even after the selection of Mr. Quayle as a running mate conservatives will work only about twenty percent as hard for Mr. Bush as they did for Mr. Reagan in nineteen eighty and nineteen eighty four
A top Transportation Department official dealt a blow to United Airlines' long term plans for its Pacific service by recommending that the airline's Seattle Tokyo route be turned over to American Airlines
But he did maintain that G. M.'s outside directors long have been an active independent minded group
Ms. Melamed indicated that the Washington Post will continue to use Williams and Connolly as its chief outside counsel as did Walter Suhre Junior general counsel of Anheuser Busch
But my job is to land the ship women and children first
In the first half of this year the U. S. trade deficit was seventy billion dollars narrowed from eighty four point four five billion dollars in the first half of nineteen eighty seven
But she is one
Economists had been expecting the June gap to total about eleven billion dollars
Standard and Poor's five hundred stock index rose one point eight seven to two hundred sixty point five six and the New York Stock Exchange composite index climbed zero point nine one to one hundred forty seven point four nine
Another important but mostly unnoticed factor is that dollars are generally in short supply because of corporate hedging maneuvers conducted months ago
I've never quite seen wires like this before
British government bond prices fell again yesterday
She doesn't expect earnings momentum from D. E. C. for another six months
The decision sets the stage for a possible hostile tender offer by Shamrock which is owned by the Roy Disney family
He has sought accommodation with liberals such as Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts on job training issues important to workers in blue collar Indiana
The rating concern said the move was triggered by the company's plan to acquire for one point two seven billion dollars the U. S. cable properties of Toronto based Rogers Communications Incorporated
Heavy investor demand for N. T. T. shares since they were first offered in nineteen eighty six has supported their price at sometimes stratospheric levels
The gross savings rate is twenty two percent and the net rate is fourteen percent the minister says
It is a real confrontation of values and loyalties on the part of the candidate
That company certainly cannot lay claim to having the best management in corporate America
Mr. Greenberg asked
The Massachusetts supreme court dismissed the charges against Mr. Morash in its May ruling the issue of vacation pay was left unresolved
Somehow it will all tie into Manville's computerized bookkeeping system
CHALLENGING WORK leads the list of motivating factors for doing one's job in a survey of members by the American Productivity and Quality Center a business research and education group
Ohio's suit charged that beginning in nineteen eighty one officials of Waste Management and Browning Ferris met secretly and conspired to fix prices to gain a lock on the trash hauling market in five counties in Ohio and two counties in Michigan
Treasury Secretary James Baker's surrender on the trade bill even after the primaries discredited it as a political issue was a concession to the special interests of Big Business
So I was casting around for some way of using this money effectively
I bought an oscillating sprinkler and started watering my small dry corner of the global greenhouse all the while meditating on the congressional testimony of N. A. S. A.'s James E. Hansen as to how global warming has reached a level such that we can ascribe with a high degree of confidence a cause and effect relationship between the greenhouse effect and observed warming
In the filing Northrop said only its Ventura unit is subject to a new Pentagon rule requiring certain companies involved in the government's probe to certify that they have not obtained information illegally to gain Pentagon work
Rates for other major causes of death didn't show statistically significant changes
The answer came again serendipitously from a former G. E. draftsman Chester Barnowski
Look at all the readers of the Sun a popular tabloid buying green Wellingtons and imitation Barbour jackets Mr. Espey says referring to the green rubber boots and oiled cotton coats associated with the leisurely rich
But Ian Amstad a London based economist at Chase Manhattan Securities said British officials will be wary about going for overkill
The company has an estimated seventy two million Canadian dollars in other secured debt most of it owed to Royal Bank of Canada
Minority holders own about twenty nine percent of Calgary based Canterra and Husky owns about eight percent
On many campuses American Express uses this siren call to students It may never be this easy again
The original agreement announced in October envisioned C. M. X. selling the plant to the new company for five hundred fifty million dollars in cash and a thirty three percent interest in the new company
Our shoe business would make a perfect leveraged buy out Mr. Barach said
If the June deficit turns out to have been significantly wider than in May many analysts expect the dollar to drop sharply and to drag bond prices down with it
A visit to the convention site the gigantic Superdome whose shape is so fitting to the hot climate
Anybody ready for another great actor
Shares were marked broadly lower in the wake of the economic data's release on the market perception that the economy is in far greater danger than we had previously thought said the chief dealer at a major bank in London
The group's Consumer Price Index forecast for nineteen eighty eight rose slightly to four point one percent from three point nine percent in the June report
The increase was greater than expected and another bad sign for those who believe that the economy's continued strength will lead to higher inflation and interest rates
So George the president said I'm in your corner
The cease fire agreement in the Iran Iraq war reached at the United Nations last week is a clear defeat for the ayatollah
It seemed like every day there was a crisis to do
It is not a part time job
Last month a scandal erupted here when newspapers reported that Recruit Cosmos Company a real estate subsidiary of a service company Recruit Company had sold shares to seventy six influential Japanese businessmen politicians and journalists in the two years before the company went public
Ford may be liable for a two hundred fifty thousand dollar civil fine if the matter goes to court and Ford is found guilty of violating the Clean Air Act
They didn't like me because my work wasn't socialist realism
The question is Can A. T. and T. do it better and faster
So Tom soon will be looking for work
six
Best Buy Company said it hired Goldman Sachs and Company to explore business opportunities after rumors that it might be an acquisition target sent its stock soaring in active trading late last week
According to an Assembly finance committee sixteen other states have deregulated retail credit
The blame for deficits and debt can be widely spread
Prices of some actively traded thirty year government bonds fell almost half a point
Mr. Kearney and his crew will be able to claim a small part of Olympic bowling glory since Team U. S. A. is the first bowling squad ever to train at the Olympic facility
Following Bass Group's sixty four dollar a share offer for the company in May Macmillan proposed a restructuring of the company that it valued at sixty four dollars and fifteen cents a share
We say Why not spend a city year helping your city before going on to college
Says one disgruntled clerk Everybody dumps on the back office
Yet conservatives complain Mr. Bush has proposed new market interventions such as ethanol subsidies new tax breaks for child care and college savings bonds
The lawsuit against Cubic provides no details about who might have received bribes from company executives or their consultants
An Ogilvy spokeswoman said The only partner we will confirm that we are speaking to is Omnicom
In its proposal contained in a letter to Polaroid's president I. MacAllister Booth Shamrock dropped its earlier insistence that Polaroid reverse its decision to leave a surplus in its pension fund
It was fully disclosed and the amount involved was only one percent of the equity of Seemala based on book value
He said the steps to revise doctors' training will be monitored by offices in six regions Africa the Americas Europe the Middle East Western Pacific and Southeast Asia
Experienced producers however warn that getting entangled in production solely to save money can lead to disaster especially with T. V. movies costing three million dollars to four million dollars each and an hour long entertainment special coming in above one million dollars
These she said added up to a fairly valued stock market instead of an undervalued one and therefore one less likely to provide positive surprises
Many of the mud huts in Jebel Kusha disintegrated under the rains and the floods created a lake with knee high waters extending for more than a half mile from the settlement to the village of Esba
NEW YORK To lure gun shy investors a few stock mutual funds are starting to offer them a lighter load
P. and G. apparently has attempted to make the foundation nothing more than a division of Procter and Gamble to sell soap Representative Rangel said
As previously reported San Diego Gas agreed in June to merge with Tucson Electric Power Company and then received S. C. E. Corporation's unsolicited merger proposal in July
Spokesmen for Singapore's Inland Revenue Department weren't available for comment
I was swamped she says
Most of the oil was lifted using a jet pump
The newspaper a bimonthly publication with sixty thousand paid subscribers is facing a revenue squeeze of its own and has been forced to cut back its coverage says managing editor Theresa O'Neil
Summit currently has six point five million shares outstanding
Foreign borrowing is out nobody will lend us money except to pay interest on existing debts
Mayfair Industries Incorporated a sportswear maker said it entered into an agreement with PepsiCo Incorporated under which Mayfair will have the exclusive right to imprint designs using the Pepsi Cola logo on its apparel
Leo J. Shapiro and Associates a Chicago consulting firm that tracks consumer buying trends maintains that consumers aren't confused even if they find ads for two or more stores all guaranteeing the lowest prices
But these economists generally don't fear a severe consumer led recession because high wage gains and falling unemployment continue to underpin the British economy
Ronald Reagan along with Jesse Jackson the premier conviction politician of his age changed that for a season but the instinct of many Republicans is still to run for the bunkers
A free trade agreement between the U. S. and Japan boggles the traditional most favored nation mind
He's a silver tongued salesman and she's a department store buyer about to begin her own business in fashion
The Senate would provide four point two five billion dollars for S. D. I. research
Withdrawals exceeded new deposits by two point nine billion dollars for the month more than the one billion dollar net outflow in May and similar to the two point seven billion dollars drain recorded in June nineteen eighty seven
Audi attorneys declined to say whether the company will seek another settlement or allow the case to go to trial
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Technical was among the ten most actively traded stocks
The purchase is the first for Vestar a group led by former First Boston Corporation leveraged buy out specialists that was formed three months ago
But the computer's judgments grew more useful and more pointed
And some analysts fret that consumer spending may slow sharply
Short sales were part of the creation of a hedged position in convertible bonds one of Princeton slash Newport's basic businesses the attorneys said and didn't have any market impact
Mr. Corbin and Mrs. Mofford also wanted the donors to be asked first if they wanted to give the money to charity
A membership on the New York Mercantile Exchange sold at two hundred fifty five thousand dollars late Wednesday equaling the record high sale on August third
While bad for investors this tendency is welcomed by homeowners with eleventh district mortgages
Hundreds of insurance market participants face Piper Alpha losses totaling an estimated one point four billion dollars says Lloyd's
That feat had long eluded scientists
A majority of voters do feel the vice president had a big role in helping build up U. S. military strength over the last eight years and he continues to lead the Democratic nominee by large margins as the candidate better able to maintain a strong national defense and to handle relations with the Soviet Union
Houston Industries Incorporated has hired investment bankers to find a buyer for its oil and gas properties hoping to snare as much as four hundred million dollars from the proposed sale
But Sunday evening the Minnesota Vikings and Chicago Bears will square off in the first National Football League game ever in Scandinavia
Banks are gearing up for a big marketing push in late September that will likely offer more attractive C. D. and money market rates
Separately higher interest rates in Europe could further slow economic growth there
Mr. Carmody has an alter ego called Captain Airwaves
Revenue fell four percent to thirty four point two million dollars from thirty five point six million dollars
A June trade deficit below eleven billion dollars would send the dollar bulls out of the woodwork again said Ms. Nealon
Volume on the Big Board was one hundred seventy three million shares down from two hundred one million Wednesday
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday Home Owners shares closed at twelve dollars down twelve point five cents
We're not just settling this with money said the Hitachi official
Frankfurt shares climbed in lively trading boosted by the strong dollar higher West German bond prices and a string of positive West German economic indicators earlier in the week
Gross domestic product in Hong Kong grew thirteen point five percent in nineteen eighty seven up from eleven point eight percent in nineteen eighty six the government estimated in its latest revision of the value of the output of goods and services minus foreign income
He went on
Charles Peters holds a special place in Washington as the founder and editor of the Washington Monthly a magazine influential in neoliberal and other circles
They look like milkweed pods except they are about one tenth the size and are smooth and narrow
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange United Technologies closed yesterday at thirty six dollars and fifty cents down thirty seven point five cents
But neither imitator has been able to carry out the concept better than the master says Dorothy Lakner an analyst for Deutsche Bank Capital Corporation
Suddenly three competitors are all laying claim to the title
I hope she adds it's an abstract sculpture
A recent issue listed some fifty family friendly hotels and resorts in Hawaii alone
Yesterday's ruling was a setback for Chubb because it could lead to consolidation of lawsuits filed in nine other states
When the contract was awarded late last month transportation officials said I. B. M. won mainly because it was the low bidder
Professor Pehlke also has a rude shock for local officials who believe pollution can be curbed soon
When Governor Bryan announced his candidacy he said Now more than ever Nevada needs two United States senators. The other senator Harry Reid is a Democrat like Governor Bryan
Clearly the world's more complicated now
After more than forty years of containing an enemy the next administration faces the challenge of drawing up a security policy directed more at shared leadership in a world of powerful friends
But Mr. Dingman was in The Wall Street Journal's Heard on the Street column yesterday as saying The odds are that I may not take Henley Manufacturing private
Under the plan holders could sell their interests without any approval he said
It said there was no assurance such an offer would be made
These rate indications aren't directly comparable lending practices vary widely by location
Retail or individual savings C. D.s are generally regarded as those with denominations of under fifty thousand dollars
Backers of colorization were unperturbed by the bill
It took me about fifteen seconds to decide yes Mr. Smith recalls
In late New York trading the dollar was at one hundred thirty three point six five yen and one point nine oh seven oh marks well below one hundred thirty five point one eight yen and one point nine two one oh marks late Tuesday
Added Bernard Leaver managing director at Shearson Lehman Hutton in London This is not another crash
Investors deserted the bond market as yields on some actively traded government issues rose to their highest level in eight months
We say no ninety nine times and the last time we say yes
In fiscal l. nine eighty seven Harris had net income of eighty four point five million dollars or two dollars and five cents a share
Buying unpopular stocks can be a successful strategy since out of favor issues often rise rapidly when investors' tastes change
He added though that Paul Ely chairman and chief executive officer of Convergent will play an important role in the combination
All three executives are partners of the investment banking firm
Arbitrators are knowledgeable in the field
Included in the purchase are thirty three paper distribution facilities two envelope plants and two office supply plants
Changes in the discount rate actually play only a small role in Fed policy
Upon his conversion to orthodox Christianity Augustine set himself apart from Manichaean teaching by emphasizing free will
To an important degree it was this ricochet this tennis rally of musical ideas that gave the work its point
The company with one hundred forty eight million dollars in revenue last year is a speck compared with Wang which recently posted three point oh seven billion dollars in revenue for the year ended June thirtieth
We want to see what kind of reception the system receives from other physicians says Eugene Uretz the group's administrator
With the pledge Kuwait seeks to put its twenty one point six eight percent stake in B. P. Britain's largest company in a favorable light
The federal government pays for about forty percent of all medical testing through Medicare the health program for the elderly and Medicaid which serves some categories of the poor
The company's stock fell as investors worried that Mr. Salim's departure might indicate a further delay in the updating of Lotus one two three the product that accounts for about two thirds of Lotus's revenue
Besides the Amiga and a continued emphasis on cost cutting Mr. Gould said the strong results also reflect that U. S. revenue rose in the fourth quarter the first such quarterly increase in two years
In the latest fiscal year the network had a loss of eighty million dollars thirty million dollars more than News Corporation had expected
If a renewal notice comes after just one or two issues it's often a sign that the magazine is having cash flow problems
He added that the degree of customer acceptance will be determined over the next several months
Intel fell one to thirty two and one half on a Nasdaq leading two point nine million shares and Apple fell one half to forty three and one half
Mr. Kassen doesn't see a huge advantage for Henley to be a public company
In July nineteen eighty six Schroders paid Wertheim partners one hundred one point five million dollars for fifty percent of newly created Wertheim Schroder Holdings Incorporated a holding company that controls the renamed Wertheim Schroder and Company
As a police force we deal with crime not newspapers he says
The union had originally scheduled a special convention tomorrow in Tulsa Oklahoma to select a director of its Saint Louis based region a position that also includes a seat on the U. A. W.'s ruling executive board
Most relief recipients who lose more than sixty five percent of their crop will be required to buy federal crop insurance in nineteen eighty nine
STREETS AND SEWERS given to Hermitage Pennsylvania by developer William G. McConnell don't get him a charitable deduction the Tax Court says His gift was made not out of detached generosity but rather to avoid maintenance and to enhance the value of his interest in the development
Edward L. Hennessy Junior A Completely New Way to Purchase Medical Benefits Manager's Journal July eighteenth suggests that one way for American businesses to compete more effectively against highly productive foreign firms is to bring their costs down
Mention albeit cursory was made in school texts and in some public ceremonies
The Bundesbank intervening at this point would be like trying to stick their finger in five holes in the dike at once
Mr. Bilzerian's filing left analysts scratching their heads
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST six point nine eight percent
N. C. N. B. Corporation said it named three of its executives and three former First RepublicBank Corporation executives to management positions at N. C. N. B. Texas National Bank
The E. C. needs France's support to obtain a qualified majority in favor of its plan
Yet Cebu's relations with Manila haven't been sweet
The yield increased to nine point one nine five percent from nine point one one percent Monday
Interest rates preoccupied the relatively few traders who were active
Sudan has a population of twenty three million
I say one of the ways because this show actually is several shows in one and each has a somewhat different take on what the fifties were and meant
Mr. Dukakis says he will boost White House control over science policy by appointing a strong science adviser who will report regularly and directly to the president
I was surprised that you did not mention the possibly legally relevant fact that the flow of the Chicago River was reversed by man and that Niagara Falls is the only natural outlet from the Great Lakes at least in recent geologic times
Daniel Baker a managing director at Alex
S. E. C. v.
Of the nineteen controller errors committed through early June at O'Hare fourteen were made by Tracon controllers and five by tower controllers
The bill's serious policy affects military aid
The two federal agencies are in effect rejecting a plan first contemplated in nineteen fifty nine that would lead to eventual adoption of the international standard that puts a foot at zero point three zero four eight meter
They never create a totally new idiom but they take what's there and develop and embellish it considerably
Mr. Kaske's own personality is geared toward reaching consensus
Even some hotel officials concede it's a real problem
Eastern's net loss before preferred dividends for the six months was one hundred twenty point eight million dollars compared with net income of twenty nine point two million dollars in the year earlier period
Mr. Allen has been a member of the commission since nineteen eighty seven
Also affected was Southwestern Electric Power's senior secured debt lowered to single A plus from double A minus and senior unsecured and preferred to single A from single A plus
The end result is that some very very fine corporate earnings are in a sense being wasted because of the concerns about inflation and rates he said
The computer concern said the money is expected to support it until its initial public offering which could take place as early as nineteen ninety
You want a danish
Revenue rose three point seven percent to three point two five billion Canadian dollars from three point one three billion Canadian dollars a year ago
He also felt safer with his Heckler and Koch nine m. m. pistol which he customarily packed under his jacket
It says that I. M. C. was just another customer and the two had no special relationship
Firms that have more than a single recommended list can choose one but of course they must choose in advance. Most firms have one basic list but many of them prepare shorter lists from time to time for marketing purposes
Analysts said futures prices fell sharply yesterday in part because trading volume was light
But two rounds of intervention by the U. S. and West German central banks served to check the dollar's ascent
Despite the steep prices Mr. Murdoch has paid for companies such as Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation Metromedia Incorporated's T. V. stations and Harper and Row Publishers Incorporated he's missed very few steps along the way Mr. Rattner adds
Pretoria also said it plans to begin granting independence November first to Namibia and would withdraw its estimated three thousand troops from Angola by September first
However the firm's performance for the twenty four month period and the latest quarter was only average
The Republican National Convention which convenes here next week is expected to provide more of the same though orchestrated for prime time T. V.
They're going to confuse the public about what and who they are adds Peter Monash an Ohio based consultant who has worked extensively for Wal Mart Stores Incorporated Indeed fast growing Wal Mart the nation's third largest retailer already is threatening to overtake K. mart by outdoing it at the discount game
Bayerische Vereinsbank's half year results were in line with the earnings of most other West German banks where lower income from usual banking operations was more than offset by sharply higher trading profits
At Toms River we have proposed to move ahead with the cleanup of contaminated ground water to eliminate production of high volume industrial chemicals and replace this production with a highly sophisticated facility for manufacture of small volume pharmaceutical active ingredients generating minimal waste
The year on year measure of inflation the retail price index includes mortgage interest payments
Since nineteen eighty six some forty seven of the fifty states have enacted laws to restrict the rules of liability
Which is
Izvestia as the official organ of the government and with a circulation of ten million many times that of America's biggest dailies has enormous influence
With extraordinarily bad timing moves are under way that could have a damaging impact on American public diplomacy the U. S. government's information campaign abroad
A bright and energetic woman with sensitivity to clients' needs she recently refused a promotion that involved a very large account
Normally depositors are insured only up to one hundred thousand dollars each
American General's stock jumped one dollar and fifty cents Friday to thirty two dollars and twenty five cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading
Congress's latest action shows just how far schools are from solving the problem
The brands are very similar in nature to our existing ones Mr. Wexler said
American a unit of A. M. R. Corporation and B. A. only just settled an acrimonious dispute over computer reservations systems a critical component of airline success
I was even more surprised when Doctor Meyer told me that melanoma seemed to run in my family
But we're pleased with our repeat business he says
After a four year competition I. B. M. beat Hughes for the Advanced Automation System prize two weeks ago
Gordon Newman Sara Lee's senior vice president and general counsel said in a statement The company has done business in Israel for many years and continues to do business with Israeli firms
There never has been an official chief operating officer at Data General said John Adams an analyst with Adams Harkness and Hill Incorporated
Although earnings so far haven't been hurt by the Pentagon influence peddling investigation analysts caution that some contractors may be named in shareholder suits or forced to relinquish contracts
In a recent twelve months while capital spending rose sharply capacity edged up less than three percent
The president is expected to sign the bill into law
Mr. Fralick does say continued signs of growth have improved his outlook for the budget deficit in the year beginning October first
That's the question Michael Dukakis put to the Democratic convention in his acceptance speech last month
After that it comes down to whether you are correctly weighting the variables
Adjusting for equipment changes Chrysler said its car prices will rise an average of about two point three percent
Bonds Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index one thousand two hundred twenty five point five two off ten point six four
Joint ownership of T. V. Guide and the new Fox Network could be abused to hurt small independent T. V. stations for which T. V. Guide is the essential advertising and promotion medium said Andrew Schwartzman executive director of Media Access Project a Washington based public interest law firm
Mr. Thornburgh who took charge of the criminal division in July nineteen seventy five under President Ford said that a reading of the memo alone creates an erroneous impression and that the Journal article didn't represent the full story
The Fed's consumer credit report showed a sharp increase in June of five point four three billion dollars after a two point nine eight billion dollar rise in May with auto credit outstanding expanding two point four two billion dollars following an increase of eight hundred fifty one million dollars in May
Sony's new Video Walkman uses an eight m. m. tape and will sell in Japan for one hundred twenty eight thousand yen nine hundred sixty five dollars
Crown said terms call for twelve million new common shares to be issued to its shareholders and shareholders of Gold Texas Resources Limited of Vancouver and Gold Capital Corporation of Houston
Unemployment in West Germany fell to eight point six percent of the labor force from eight point seven percent in July nineteen eighty seven but rose from eight point four percent in June the Federal Labor Office said
Arizona Land is a newly organized concern that intends to qualify as a real estate investment trust
Says Franciso Mayorga a private economist There's such a state of disequilibrium here that it's very hard to design a set of policies to put the economy back on track
Joichi Aoi president and chief executive officer of Toshiba Corporation criticized as grossly unjust the Senate passage and the bill's sanction clause directed against the giant electronics concern
But crop threatening conditions are expected to reassert themselves and continue through the coming week meteorologists say
Homeowners have documented losses in value from the planned new subsidized units which raises the interesting possibility of a claim for an uncompensated taking contrary to the Fifth Amendment
Now maybe when our convention takes place and there's going to be some coverage of that maybe we'll see a change coming
Some people did not however wait to hear her in Friedenstag
Neiman Marcus has requested a federal court in Dallas to rule on its claim that Mr. Dworkin resigned she said
Damp Nuisance
Insilco makes products for advanced technology industries and specialty consumer markets
Kerry Asay president attributed the expected increase to a continuing trend toward self help and preventative health care
We're trying to get more responsibility and accountability deeper in the organization Mr. Stegemeier explains
In his speech Mr. McPherson called on Brussels to grant U. S. companies doing business in the twelve E. C. countries national treatment meaning that they would be treated the same as comparable European firms
There was a scandal last year when a local man allegedly ran off with five million dollars raised from townspeople in a commodities investing venture he currently is awaiting trial on federal civil fraud charges
John Strauss Mr. Day's former partner at Thomson McKinnon in Birmingham asks Where was the branch manager and the home office
Based on proposals it has received from financial institutions the company said it believes it will obtain such a commitment by that date
Republican Senator Dan Quayle got hold of the paper and gave it to the vice president at a recent idea session with his foreign policy advisers
After all he writes they don't know any better than to buy their clothes at Alexander's a lower priced New York department store that doesn't skimp on polyester and they dine at coffee shops
The idea is to stop the mark from falling by making it more attractive for funds to stay in Germany
Company sponsored health plans sometimes exclude benefits for other conditions such as pregnancy or medical problems that existed before an employee starts to work he noted
London share prices closed on a firm note led higher by takeover talk in specific issues and by slightly greater participation from major financial institutions which lately have been reluctant to enter the market in any large degree
I can't figure out what's going to get it off dead center
Abbott disputed the findings yesterday in North Chicago Illinois arguing that the study was seriously flawed and misleading
Callers on a gab line are just talking to one another on the telephone something the phone companies and the government can't very well prohibit
First City Bancorp of Texas which was rescued by bank regulators last April is readying a secondary offering of its new common stock for next week that has similar turnaround possibilities but might not insulate new shareholders from loan losses that may still lurk in the Houston bank's cleansed portfolio
For example IATSE agreed to have the upholsterers and sewers merged into a single category a spokesman said and is entertaining other such changes
Mr. Hance forty three years old succeeds Timothy P. Hartman who was transferred to Dallas to become vice chairman of the new N. C. N. B. Texas National Bank
Shultz met with Uruguay's president for talks that touched on Central America narcotics trafficking and the economy
While many traders aren't so optimistic they do expect the sale of eleven billion dollars of three year notes and eleven billion dollars of ten year notes to go smoothly
The value of the average closed end fund rose four point nine six percent in the quarter ended July first according to Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Incorporated a Miami based investment management firm
Thomas Henry
My own post traumatic stress disorder has been relieved immeasurably by Mr. Lane's observations
Daimler Benz is talking with state and federal officials about acquiring a thirty percent interest and managerial control in M. B. B. whose Deutsche Airbus subsidiary controls West Germany's thirty seven point nine percent stake in the four nation European Airbus Industrie consortium
Witnesses recall hearing a loud popping noise which investigators said was the sound from the rupturing of the eight inch pipe
His Something Wild score is one of my favorite movie soundtracks especially Sister Carol East's tantalizing version of Wild Thing which she sang over the closing credits
In fact he went ahead and ordered one thousand more silver Eagles from his PaineWebber broker
After all having won every important tennis tournament on the planet Ivan Lendl is surely headed for a fall while I still may be on the way up
The country is already the non Communist world's fifth largest gold producer though still largely unprospected
The S. E. C. regulations are not just unnecessary they may be unconstitutional
What's more Itel's deal with Henley last week included acquisition of Henley's sixteen point nine percent stake in Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corporation a railroad with close ties to American President
The speed of a D. C. motor however is variable thus once the desired room temperature is reached the compressor is able to slow to a speed sufficient to maintain just that temperature
But Philip Morris Magazine is more than a place for smokers to let off steam
Net income was between two point five million dollars and three million dollars or about twenty five cents a share the company said compared with the year before five hundred eighty four thousand dollars or six cents a share
She succeeds Leo Kung who is moving to the Chemical Investment Group in New York
Loyalty to a company it's nonsense responds Mr. Welch testily
Only now is Kidder rebuilding its talent pool
The streets are crumbling but dispirited voters have rejected bond issues to repair them
The new forecast for nineteen eighty eight surpassed the government's original estimate of nine billion dollars but fell short of a projection by the International Monetary Fund in May that the surplus would surge to eleven point three billion dollars
Stock prices fell Wednesday in Tokyo to end a seven session winning streak but posted healthy gains in London and Frankfurt
Only some of its employees those working in restricted areas printing corporate proxy statements were required to sign promises to maintain confidentiality
A Penney spokesman wouldn't elaborate on the delay but said there aren't any problems with the transaction
The appeals court here rejected a challenge to the Federal Election Commission action releasing forty six million dollars in federal funding to the Dukakis Bentsen ticket
They are losing debt equity and assets but keeping most of the profits
Georgia Pacific Corporation and Jos
And the complete warranty stays with the car at no charge even if it's sold under the old warranty it cost one hundred dollars to transfer the warranty when the car was sold
The voter turnout twenty percent of the city's registered voters was considered relatively heavy in view of the temperature reaching ninety nine degrees Fahrenheit
Much as it pains me
The bill puts into legislative language current U. S. policies on exchange rates and international economic policy coordination
We hope that by year end we will have board approval to use the money for a stock buy back Mr. Hadfield says
Previously its bank borrowings had been unsecured
There was concern that we should keep this program from being politicized said an aide to the House Armed Services Committee
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past thirty days not a forecast of future returns
The base is one of four military installations operated by the U. S. in Greece under a defense agreement that expires at the end of the year
Izvestia said it determined the twelve most popular books in the Soviet Union based on waiting lists at library reading halls where Soviets can sign up for a turn to read the works on the premises
Despite their years of leadership in one of the most active and therefore violent branches of the Philippine revolution they expected to be welcomed back to society with less suspicion
In dismissing the frivolous case fine Judge Kozinski concludes that at fault it seems to us are not the parties and their lawyers but the legal system that encourages this kind of lawsuit
This baseline includes future spending and receipts under current laws even though the amounts may be far above the preceding year's
Its solution
He shares the consensus that consumers will keep on spending though at a modest pace but he cautions that we could see an actual decline in outlays if housing turns sour and home prices drop across a broad front
David W. Stearns a basket maker from Hartford Connecticut sent a note with his entries that could have been the keynote of BasketWeave
But Brandon Becker an official in the S. E. C.'s market regulation division took a conciliatory approach to the N. A. S. D. vote saying We understand their concerns and continue to discuss with the N. A. S. D. how they might be addressed
They voted here for a carefully worded compromise resolution that was designed to keep their churches together despite deep divisions on the issue
An undetermined number of additional suits are claiming other injuries from the drug including vision impairment and gastrointestinal problems she says
Yesterday Alfred C. DeCrane Texaco's chairman said in an interview that the company had never ruled out the sale and that there had never been any sacred cows at Texaco
They certainly shouldn't be allowed to grow
The Senate passed a bill to battle housing discrimination that supporters hailed as the most important civil rights legislation in more than twenty years
The recommended changes which grew out of a yearlong study by a special commission of the bar set up to review discipline practices would remove a gag rule that prohibits clients from talking about complaints filed with the bar
According to the survey during the past three years eighty four percent of federal judges imposed sanctions under Rule eleven of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and fifty two percent of state judges imposed sanctions under state rules
CHRONAR Corporation said its board declared a ten percent stock dividend payable October third to stock of record September second
Among others Daiwa House Industry was up one hundred ten to two thousand one hundred ten while Shimizu Construction rose forty five to one thousand twenty
The current agreement has a resolution that prohibits sales of coffee to non members at lower prices but it requires members to agree on sanctions against the violators so it hasn't worked
Many residents also object to the lack of input they have in deciding how the communities are run Ms. Sloan says
Deputy Attorney General Ortega criticizes E. Systems Incorporated the Dallas electronics and defense company that until recently advised Mexico on maintenance and parts procurement
Five consecutive years of growth have brought the volume of world trade twenty five percent higher than in nineteen eighty two a recession year the study said
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES seven point seven seven percent thirty days seven point eight seven percent sixty days seven point nine oh percent ninety days seven point nine five percent one hundred twenty days eight percent one hundred fifty days eight percent one hundred eighty days
In this case the commission referred to precedents set by the European Court of Justice and decided that this unusual case of a cooperative bid gave it the right to move before the acquisition was agreed to commission sources said
Chaus said it rebounded the next year gaining other retail accounts but since then the company has stumbled on a flurry of problems typical of those hurting the industry
No new issues were brought to market but one deal was announced for pricing later in the week
Medtronic Incorporated Minneapolis said it will receive forty million dollars as settlement of an eight year old patent infringement suit against Intermedics Incorporated
It's easy to have an understanding
Even if George Bush wanted to name a right winger he might resist for fear that Senate Democrats and moderate Republicans would gang up to defeat the nomination
The legislation is an extension of the Price Anderson Act which was enacted in nineteen fifty seven and expired last year
At Springs Industries Incorporated of Fort Mill S. C. a spokesman said the new law is mostly a nuisance since the company has given workers as much as a year of notice before closing a plant
The bar the nation's largest by far with one hundred fourteen thousand attorneys has long been criticized for being too soft too secretive and too slow in disciplining bad lawyers
That too must be resolved in court
And I doubt she would quarrel with that view if she were still alive and inevitably kicking
Also noteworthy are the amusing installation by Vlassis Caniaris at the Greek pavilion and the mixed media installations of Antoni Porczak at the Polish pavilion
Earlier he explains to his girlfriend why on a bet he slept with a woman he didn't care about A guy lays down a dare you gotta take it
For all these reasons the king's latest maneuver should be seen as a damage control effort
More importantly they said Warner and Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated may back Mr. Adelson with one hundred million dollars or more in the formation of a company to make media and entertainment acquisitions
When one person asked What do people who work in Fotomat booths do when nature calls a student answered that each Fotomat has a bathroom usage agreement with a nearby business
But countertrade is one of the most interesting lines of business partly because of the earnings prospects it holds for the heavily indebted East bloc nations and partly because of the controversy that surrounds it
The royalty agreements which improved the company's financial prospects helped Melridge go public in late nineteen eighty three raising three point nine million dollars
Koninlijke Wessanen N. V. said it has acquired two distributors of health food products in the U. S.
The union crew worked thirty five the rest of the time it was forced to wait for someone to come back from the restroom or for a journeyman to become available to do work an apprentice could easily have done but was not allowed to touch
This was a pivotal quarter Mr. Rubel said
The unit's losses cost Southwest's bottom line roughly twenty five cents a share in the nineteen eighty seven second period analysts said
Some observers already are speculating that the Radical Party's presidential election candidate Eduardo Angeloz may seek to distance himself from President Raul Alfonsin's government following the measures
The Mountain View California based maker of computer workstations broke one billion dollars of sales in its sixth year of business and said per share net surged to sixty six cents from thirty one cents last year
Many people are still deciding
After trading the company reported earnings of sixty six cents a share for the period more than double the year earlier's thirty one cents a share
The finding by researchers at Tufts University and at the University of Sydney Australia was reported in the July twenty ninth issue of the journal Cell
An Estee Lauder spokesman says the company intends to comply with F. D. A. requests to change its packaging
Steve Palley King World's chief operating officer said the company has now licensed the show to television stations covering twenty percent of the nation through nineteen ninety three and expects to continue to sign additional markets
Computer animation moves its upper and lower crescents and the logo is accompanied by a seven note theme
FEDERAL FUNDS seven and fifteen sixteenths percent high seven and thirteen sixteenths percent low seven and thirteen sixteenths percent near closing bid seven and seven eighths percent offered
Victor Kaufman forty four chief executive of Columbia Pictures Entertainment and Ms. Steel's boss acknowledges his company must begin making successful movies again to survive the long haul and reclaim its film leadership
Also there have been rumors that investor Arthur Goldberg and Nortek are considering bids
John J. Mitcham Paradyne's president and chief executive officer said in a statement the measures were designed to reduce overhead and streamline our business
I. F. R. B. valued its assets at two hundred seventy nine point two million dollars and liabilities at six hundred thirty eight point nine million dollars
It'll be exciting working for a company in a growth mode
Allstate Insurance Company enacted a smoking ban yesterday in its five thousand eight hundred buildings and agent offices nationwide becoming one of the largest companies to do so
Carlucci arrived in Moscow for a four day visit that is expected to include a glimpse of Soviet military equipment and bases
Sears's advertising for the new departments will stress a Sears reputation for service and reliability
Scrutiny over the Recruit Cosmos sale coincided with intense parliamentary debate yesterday over the proposed tax reform package of Prime Minister Noboru Takeshita
Obscene material which includes the standards for indecency but also must appeal to prurient interests remains banned around the clock
We get jokes from every firm on Wall Street ad agencies and rabbis from Brooklyn says Mr. Benedict
I thought the six hundred sixty million dollars tag placed on the assets was a high price said Charles Rose an analyst at Oppenheimer and Company in New York
The exclusive negotiating agreement was set to expire today
The offering will be underwritten by Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated
I go around wearing my top Ms. Gaspari says and people come over and say Oh I see you're wearing a Michael Schmidt top
He is a classic demagogue not an orator
On July twenty second Mr. Embry told Revco he was setting in motion paperwork that would accelerate payments on the interest as well as the face amount of the bonds an amount totaling about one hundred eight million dollars
The utility said lower flows on the Snake River hurt hydroelectric power operations and forced it to burn record amounts of coal at plants in Wyoming and Nevada
Suspicious trading also has been detected at Merrill Lynch and Company where a broker was fired last week and two discount brokerage firms Quick and Reilly Incorporated and Charles Schwab and Company
That group isn't expected to try to top Forstmann Little's bid for Pullman according to William Brian Little a general partner of Forstmann Little
N. C. N. B. Texas National will aggressively make commercial loans according to Mr. McColl with an emphasis on N. C. N. B.'s traditional small and medium sized business clientele
The six hundred ninety one acre parcel the bondholders are seeking through foreclosure is considered high quality property but requires expensive infrastructure improvements
I asked the health minister if it was true that he had twenty five letters of thanks on his desk from U. S. drug companies Doctor May says
Advertisers also used A. G. B.'s services but many preferred Nielsen because Nielsen's audience rating figures were used by all three broadcasters
Grain and cotton harvests have increased by much less and potato harvests even decreased by nine percent
What's more the U. S. has formally hailed the E. C. decision to create a unified internal market in nineteen ninety two
The Dallas based publishing and broadcasting concern said its notes currently are rated triple B.
Charles Clough the market strategist for Merrill Lynch says that one reason for current strong earnings is that industrial prices have skyrocketed in the past year
We've got to take the spark Jesse started and fan it into a wildfire that sweeps through the political system a blaze of citizenship participation a flaming reminder that black votes count
But President Reagan is expected to announce Mr. Baker's departure either late this week or next week before the Republican convention
July was the twenty fourth consecutive month in which the gauge stood above fifty percent
AmeriFirst said it discovered eight hundred ninety seven thousand dollars in pretax interest income from a mortgage payment that should have been credited in the quarter but wasn't because of a bookkeeper's error
James G. Buick Zondervan president called Mr. Gray's new claims totally without merit
Based on nineteen eighty two census data for example ninety one thousand one hundred fifty nine retail companies and ninety nine thousand eighty nine service companies two industries that commonly pay minimum wage had revenues of between three hundred sixty two thousand five hundred dollars and five hundred thousand dollars says the Small Business Administration
Ostensibly put in place to prevent hostile takeovers the core groups have been attacked by the Socialists who feel they actually were set up to give control of the companies to allies of the former government
The company is amassing a large cash hoard from the planned sale of its eighty nine percent owned Continental Graphics Corporation for about one hundred eighty three million dollars and from the sale in February of its Simplicity Pattern Company unit for one hundred seventeen point five million dollars
We can't think of any condition where we wouldn't acquire it he said
Since nineteen eighty three seven deaths in which Kawasaki scooters were involved were reported to the Coast Guard
Moreover despite vociferous disagreements on specific issues there is widespread agreement that economic and business policies need to be reoriented
Ross also said it currently anticipates that profit for the fiscal second quarter ending July thirtieth would be in the range of nineteen cents a share to twenty one cents a share compared with eleven cents a share or three point one million dollars a year earlier
The company cited strong growth in sales volume firm margins and a good performance in the agrochemical operations for the profit increase
That may be but too seldom did the two go together nor did the festival care to promote concerts in which horizons would be expanded
The publishers have also sought a new literary look more childrens' favorites and classics less in house writing and abridgment
Franchisees however have often failed to obtain relief based upon the application of that covenant
However this week's production is expected to come in six point one percent above a year earlier
A look at the top ten card issuers shows current rates bunched in a range of seventeen point five percent to twenty percent
They view industrial assets differently
Despite the heavy volume Wilson's price hasn't risen much
Revenue rose thirteen percent to four point four four billion dollars from the three point nine three billion dollars in operating revenue in the year ago period
U. S. objections to World Bank loans that provide unconditional balance of payments support or that fail to foster economic reforms in borrowing nations also have been routinely ignored
Wendy Beale an analyst with Smith Barney Harris Upham and Company said she lowered her Chrysler earnings forecast for the year to four dollars and thirty five cents a share from four dollars and eighty cents a share
Mr. Silbert an attorney and longtime representative of Mr. Kerkorian was named to the top posts at M. G. M. slash U. A. last week after Lee Rich resigned
Hearings in Texas won't even start until September seventeenth
The I. B. M. announcement will give us a little bit more of a price umbrella said Frederick A. Wang president of Wang Laboratories Incorporated
He had Santa Fe nearly in his grasp only to see it slip away as he underestmated the opposition and tried to fight a war with diplomacy
With or without its consent he must succeed
In Vietnam adds Paul Kreisberg a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace the Soviets were pushing on a partially open door
Wings West said it expects the ten dollar and fifty cent a share or forty one point seven million dollars acquisition to be completed on or around August ninth
In national over the counter trading Republic American closed at twelve dollars and fifty cents a share also up twenty five cents
There are no clear signs that the market should go up from here Mr. Lesutis said although he added that second quarter corporate earnings reports that have flooded the market over the past couple of weeks offer plenty of support for stock prices
The company said seven hundred thousand of the shares are being sold by certain stockholders and four hundred thousand by the Hinsdale Illinois company which currently has six point nine million shares outstanding
The state court suit charges management with illegally trying to entrench itself and seeks an order preventing Interco from restructuring without negotiating with the group
Investment funds that use political or social criteria in picking stocks are still relatively few and small
The results included a fifteen point eight million dollar charge for settlement of a nineteen seventy nine curtailment lawsuit and represented standout performance from Transco's pipelines which benefited from the heat waves in the Northeast said John Olson an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated's office here
Richard Koenig in Philadelphia contributed to this article
Imperial Chemical Industries thought to be a bellwether of British industry reported that its pretax profit rose thirteen point three percent in the first half of nineteen eighty eight exceeding forecasts
If the committed supplies are not in by the end of the designated month the manager cancels the commitment and buys an equivalent amount in the market Miss Kaul said
Democrats warn that the strategy could backfire arguing that moderate voters will be impressed at Dukakis's willingness to pick a running mate more conservative than he is
In addition to clearing trades the new system would guarantee all transactions against default through a combination of insurance bank guarantees and a pool of funds provided by brokers
Yesterday in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing the system said it continues to be engaged in discussions with third parties with respect to the acquisition of Amfac Incorporated and related matters
The person said Mr. Dillon aroused some resentment among other brokers by generating healthy commissions for the firm despite not having many clients
International Recovery Corporation said it expects to report that fiscal first quarter profit jumped fifty percent to more than five hundred thousand dollars or fifteen cents a share
The rights available only to current shareholders of the applied biotechnology concern entitle holders to purchase one share of the new convertible preferred for every twenty shares of common or every twenty shares of Series A preferred stock or a combination of the two that they now hold
THE ENVIRONMENT becomes big business as laws get tougher
When Asta isn't engaging in face offs with the townies she's revealing the free spirit that lurks under the stern exterior or bonding with her young protege Lizzie
Last week Inland reported the best earnings for any quarter or half in its history
He ignores the possibility that the Incas started abusing coca because it was one way to make the oppression of the Spanish more tolerable
Even that result looked suspicious when the government delayed a week before releasing the vote tabulations
Disputes between Mexican leftist and conservative opposition parties are hampering their efforts to overturn the ruling party's victory in the recent hotly disputed presidential elections
To beef up operations at Washington's Dulles International Airport United is taking over twelve gates from Continental Airlines
Early this year Dale's guardians accepted nearly one million dollars on his behalf from Uniroyal Goodrich Tire Company to settle a lawsuit alleging that the accident was caused by a defect in a Uniroyal Steeler the steel belted radial that blew out
The company agreed to build a waste water treatment plant and so the indictment was dropped
Ford reported net income of one point six six billion dollars or three dollars and forty three cents a share compared to one point five billion dollars or two dollars and ninety cents a share a year earlier
The company said that as a group the stores are unprofitable
Galvin and Parkin also served as consultants for an unsuccessful bid by Goodyear Aerospace Corporation a unit of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company for a separate one hundred sixty eight point nine million dollar contract to build a prototype surveillance blimp for the Navy
Set on rocky crags Act two makes the staircases appear less foolish and the white dome can with effort be imagined to represent some sort of cosmic accessory
General Motors Corporation is a case in point
The tail of a plane he pretends is a marauding Nazi Messerschmidt is cleanly in his sights and the battle is on
Nearly two thirds said Mr. Dukakis treated the civil rights leader about right while twelve percent believe the nominee gave in too much and fourteen percent think he didn't give in enough
But the material attraction of West Germany is particularly evident among the Polish Germans whose numbers at Friedland have surged this year in concert with Poland's latest economic troubles
If a preliminary injunction is granted the commission has twenty days to begin administrative proceedings
Swedes ranked first followed by West Germans Canadians the French and the Japanese Great Britain tied with the U. S.
The short term borrowings of the late nineteen sixties were never repaid but instead had to be rolled over at the much higher interest rates of subsequent years since with the exception of nineteen sixty nine the federal government has run continuous deficits between then and now
The bill also calls for renegotiation with the government of two fifty year timber contracts in the area signed in the nineteen fifties and currently held by a unit of the Industrial Bank of Japan and Louisiana Pacific Company
The position urged by Mr. Walsh and accepted by Judge Gesell would lead to a gross miscarriage of justice and would eviscerate the privilege against self incrimination
Senator Christopher Dodd D. Connecticut the bill's chief sponsor said he had told Mr. Hatch earlier that if we could get this out I'd make a good faith effort to resolve differences
They sell borrowed stock that eventually must be replaced
Then there are the fees
Among other projects Sematech will try to triple the industry's yield by finding ways of making chips on eight inch wafers instead of the five inch ones currently used
Although Southmark officers are National Realty general partners National Realty recommended against the offer saying the price was too low
Eastman Kodak Company Rochester N. Y. benefiting from strong chemical and Sterling Drug operations posted an eight percent rise in fiscal second quarter net income to three hundred ninety million dollars or one dollar and twenty cents a share
Ad agency Hill Holliday Connors Cosmopulos Incorporated plans to name Walter J. O'Brien as head of its New York office according to industry executives familiar with the discussions
Courier Journal in nineteen eighty six after that paper was acquired by Gannett
Unemployment in France fell to a seasonally adjusted ten point five percent of the work force in June from eleven percent a year earlier but rose from ten point four percent in May the Social Affairs Ministry reported
These men Mr. Foner says had the utopian vision of a nation whose citizens enjoyed equality of civil and political rights secured by a powerful and beneficent national state
We must have checks and balances to make sure the chain of command is responsive
The retail sales figures which have been growing since February nineteen eighty five are encouraging because Japan has been depending on domestic demand to fuel economic expansion as the yen's rapid rise since late nineteen eighty five has curbed export growth
Julia Ward Howe wrote the Battle Hymn of the Republic in the full religious fervor of patriotism and abolitionism that eventually made possible Ms. Holliday's life as a free woman free to star on Broadway in the black musical Dreamgirls
As reported earlier Morgan Stanley and its Morgan Stanley Leveraged Equity Fund two L. P. have agreed to provide one point five three billion dollars in so called bridge loans and equity
Justice Kennedy's short almost offhand opinion is based neither on analysis of the purposes of the statute nor on deference to the agency charged with administering it
Meanwhile a Democratic activist named Stuart Karl gets indicted for allegedly donating a sum far in excess of the legal limit of one thousand dollars to Gary Hart's campaign
When Nicaragua signed the document it tried to make it seem it was complying or tried to comply but that meant facing democracy he said this week
Harsco Corporation despite a halving in operating profit from its defense group said second quarter net income surged sixty percent to a record on a twenty two percent sales rise
O. K. so first you gotta get rid of all the stuff his mom did to him she says flicking off the nuts
In the Northeast some of the new routes launched by Continental were among those recently dropped from the fall schedule by its sister carrier Eastern Airlines
Any change in the formula may be presented by the committee when the full Senate takes up the drought relief measure
The narrow banks could be owned by holding companies with other financial service units including commercial finance companies that would make loans financed by uninsured deposits or borrowings
He adds Recent defections of consultants will frighten the accounting firms so they will pay more attention to their consulting arms and give them a fairer share of the take
Myron M. Kaplan a Leonia N. J. investor said he lowered his stake in House of Fabrics Incorporated to six point one percent of the common shares outstanding
The New York firm is often used in rancorous takeover and proxy fights
The federal funds rate which is the rate on overnight loans between banks declined slightly to an average of seven point eight four percent yesterday according to an estimate by Fulton Prebon U. S. A.
Donald Franz publisher of Photofinishing News Letter estimated Europe's photofinishing market at about six point three billion dollars
Today they took profits and the gold price rose Mr. Hirsch said
These on top of his previous proposals to restore preferential treatment for capital gains and to establish tax free education savings bonds amount to a major retreat from the tenets of President Reagan's landmark nineteen eighty six tax bill
Some traders said the buying of housing issues Monday spread throughout to the rest of the sector Tuesday
Bonds Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index one thousand two hundred twenty one point one one off two point oh six
It initially said many prices would increase eight percent to twelve percent on nineteen eighty eight cars but then wound up actually cutting prices on some models below nineteen eighty seven levels when sales dropped sharply
But Mrs. Eilan besides fighting the claim against the estate was making plans to write a book
The deficit includes a nine point eight million dollar operating loss and a nine point five million dollar one time charge to cover a buildup of quarantined unapproved and excess inventory
EASTERN AIRLINES is ending service to fourteen cities and slashing four thousand jobs citing growing losses new competitive pressures and recent setbacks in cost cutting labor talks
Those programs would cost fifty million dollars annually his campaign said
This year's college graduates received higher salary offers than last year's graduates especially in business fields but the number of job offers declined slightly according to a survey released yesterday
Restaurant chains already pay about four dollars an hour for their workers well above the current minimum wage rate of three dollars and thirty five cents an hour
The Posco debacle as a report from brokerage Citicorp Scrimgeour Vickers characterized it shows the uncertainties stalking the South Korean market in this year's second half
The Kennedy Space Center is considering ways of reaching and sealing off the leak through the engine compartment access panel
She says We've had power lunches now we're into power teas
The conservatives understand the nature of the communist system in Cuba but they do not know how to deal with it
The alternative the report says is that volunteers for vaccine tests may have to be recruited from among drug addicts and prostitutes groups that pose obvious difficulties for a vaccine test
In another case the magazine told how notes documenting a conversation between an I. F. A. R. staffer and a private eye helped lead to a Los Angeles pawnbroker's arrest for possession of a stolen Georges Roualt painting valued at a quarter million dollars
Says Mr. Hayes You have to stroke Peter and tell him how great he is every day
The securities firm said it didn't know the nature of the inquiry being conducted by the U. S. attorney in Manhattan
During the quarter Homestake also acquired additional gold mine interests in Canada including a controlling interest in a company that holds a fifty percent stake in the Golden Bear gold project in British Columbia
China has one too and many Russians see this China as their greatest potential threat
Many locals also didn't think of Mr. Trupin as particularly garish
The summer forecast calls for thunderstorms followed by blinking digital clocks
The claims relate to about one thousand three hundred transducers which measure changes in altitude that Genisco sold to Texas Instruments for use in the Navy's high speed anti radiation missile known as HARM
Revenue for the unit rose thirteen percent to five hundred seventy three point six dollars from five hundred seven point eight million dollars
We weren't that significant to Drexel said a spokesman for one thousand eight hundred thirty eight Investment
For the first half Dow earned one point one three billion dollars or five dollars and ninety six cents a share
Treasury issues posted losses of as much as half a point or five dollars per one thousand dollar face amount while the dollar's retreat this week continued in New York trading
Hazeltine also couldn't be reached
The candidate draws strength from his vision of himself as a national candidate capable of bridging the class and regional differences he says have been exacerbated in the Reagan years
After new shares have been issued ASK will have fourteen million fully diluted shares up from the current eight point six million
But there is widespread disillusionment with the fact that the economy hasn't grown for six years
The Philadelphia exchange said it expects the S. E. C. to act on its proposal in September
They also get free transport to the site enough cash to build a bamboo framed house subsidized rice for a year and other benefits
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's decision to end the bloody war with Iraq is the first real opportunity in a decade for stability in the gulf a region that as the West's oil lifeline and the likeliest site of any superpower confrontation has economic and political import unsurpassed in the world
Gurit has given a quick boost to Essex stock which was trading around seventeen dollars a share in the week before the tender offer
According to the average estimate of nine economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report the consumer price index advanced zero point four percent last month
Mr. Shepard said I have full confidence in Gene
SENIOR EXECUTIVES appear to be gaining better understanding of how office employees view their companies a survey by Steelcase Incorporated an office furniture maker suggests
Suzuki Motor was down fifteen at seven hundred eighty five
The actual take totals just one hundred twenty five million dollars from nine sponsors Coca Cola Company Federal Express Corporation Visa International Incorporated Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company Time Incorporated N. V. Philips Eastman Kodak Company Matsushita Electric Industrial Company and Brother Industries Limited
But having Mr. Cronkite and retired veteran Eric Sevareid in the booth with Mr. Rather didn't help gain viewership
I would only hope the Republicans are able to come through with as big a show as the Democrats he said
He wants to know how so moral and self reflecting a creature as man could have appeared in a universe seemingly governed by blind material laws
Mr. Jackson he said is a man whose very candidacy says to every child aim high to every citizen you count to every voter you can make a difference to every American you are a full shareholder in our dream
As previously reported First Executive's directors said I. C. H.'s twelve dollar a share price was inadequate and recommended that First Executive shareholders not tender shares to I. C. H.
Decomposing plastics create chemicals that may contaminate groundwater
Look at your streets houses and schools and you see us whites being pushed back he says
Does seven hundred pounds assume that the wood to be chucked is cut and neatly stacked
It is the first cable channel ever started by a broadcast network at a time when cable has siphoned away millions of network viewers
The rental car company said it now is part of five frequent flyer programs
The score now is about even
By nineteen seventy two sales were a record five hundred sixty six point eight billion and in nineteen eighty one sales peaked at six hundred forty billion
An N. Y. S. E. spokeswoman declined to comment on the Amex plan
He touched on the hot money hypothesis that a rise in U. S. interest rates might actually bolster the dollar but he failed to mention the flip side Anticipation of an increase in U. S. interest rates would cause a slide in the stock and bond markets and hot money would try to get out before it happened
Yamaha Corporation also markets a piano with a playback unit the Disklavier but it is considerably less sophisticated than the S. E. and is available only on upright models
Drexel and Mellon currently hope to close the transaction next week and are waiting among other things for approval from banking regulators industry officials said
Nancy Tiller of the F. D. A.'s executive secretariat acknowledged the existence of the memo but said it wasn't for public release
A. M. R. said it is now scheduled to receive thirty three of the M. D. eighties this year instead of the forty two it had expected
Things are so bad arbitragers have taken to blaming their hirelings for keeping them in the stock
Investors are shooting first and asking questions later said Oppenheimer and Company's Edmund C. Spelman
S. and P. boosted Ford's senior debt to double A from double A minus and raised Ford Motor Credit Company's subordinated debt to double A minus from single A plus
R. K. O. has appealed the decision to the full commission which has yet to rule on the appeal
It's a changing volatile situation out there right now and what practices you were able to do six months or a year ago are probably not acceptable in this year's environment
And it will probably take a Massachusetts financial crisis in nineteen eighty nine or nineteen ninety to convince them they should master the intricacies of state budgeting well enough to ask intelligent questions
CalMat said yesterday that Onoda has an option to acquire Industrial Equity's nineteen percent CalMat stake
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past thirty days not a forecast of future returns
The viewers will be served
Standing there watching and listening to the sometimes vitriolic and always mind expanding debates this young man wondered if such discourse would lead to violence
Icahn watching has taken on new purpose this week
The June index scheduled for release tomorrow morning at eight thirty E. D. T. rose zero point four percent according to the average of estimates of nine economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report
Since his shattering gubernatorial defeat in nineteen seventy eight Mr. Dukakis by most assessments has mastered the tools of politics his nomination last night confirms that
However it added that the E. C.'s share of the African food market had declined sharply in recent years
Aerospace earnings declined thirty three percent primarily because of the revenue drop as the B. one B. program comes to an end the company said
The Class one recall the first for LyphoMed is the latest in what has become a litany of quality control problems
The forty dollar a share bid for Polaroid Corporation announced yesterday by Mr. Disney's investment company Shamrock Holdings Incorporated is only the latest in a string of financial maneuvers that have catapulted the reticent man to prominence in the past five years on Wall Street and at the entertainment company co founded by his uncle Walt Disney and father Roy O. Disney
They were held on charges of diverting funds from a student group to support Gadhafi
When our family comes together what we can do is beyond imagination he told his audience and whatever estrangement remains between the Reverend Jackson and Governor Dukakis the campaign has brought a reconciliation between the minister and former civil rights comrades in the black establishment here
Merck said income growth and improved profit margins for the first half resulted from strong unit volume gains a better product mix the continuation of cost controls productivity improvements and the favorable effect of strong foreign currencies relative to the U. S. dollar
Rights to buy shares at fifty cents each would be distributed on a pro rata basis to shareholders by the company's shareholder beneficiary trust
For the first half net income rose eighty five percent to two hundred thirty three point nine million dollars or nine dollars and eleven cents a share from one hundred twenty six point seven million dollars or five dollars a share a year earlier
During a visit to Napa Valley in nineteen eighty one Mr. Moueix conceived a project formed and the eminent California vintner Robert Mondavi became the catalyst who set things in motion
Some sportsmen may simply have their initials added to our standard engraving pattern said Ted Hatfield owner of the company
U. S. regulators helped the banks to skate around guidelines that would have indicated the banks were lending more than they should to a single borrower
For now there's an ice cream truck parked in front of the neat wooden house on Auburn Street where Martin Luther King Junior was born and probably never dreamed a dream about millionaire PAC men
Arena also dropped its stunt of past elections in which Mr. D'Aubuisson would slash a watermelon to reveal the Christian Democrats whose party color is green as reds in disguise
The year ago net was adjusted to reflect a three for two split on July first
Now Representative Roybal D. California head of the House committee on aging says he has engineered a pact between the two to solve the problems
Such candidates often feel that their careers no matter how successful have hit a dead end
Forest's subordinated debt currently is rated triple C. minus and its preferred stock is rated triple C.
The application filed on behalf of Toronto businessman Abdul Rehman Premji seeks to postpone the close of Amoco Canada's pending acquisition of Dome until the appeals are heard
While the company's Winston Salem Journal newspaper continued to realize profit growth profits of Media General's other one hundred percent owned newspapers were flat to off Mr. Evans said
He had slashed employment farmed out production to subcontractors and cut costs